# Expert Biographies

## Page 1

THAILAND EXPERT BIOGRAPHIES May 2024

---

## Page 2

”Quote” –Author[position] | [n] years experience | [language 1], [language 2][Nick name] – [First name] [Last name] Profile summary, highlights on expertise, unique value propositions, or experience in other fields (if any). Make this as con cise and scalable as possible to avoid any discrepancies when the experience below gets updated. PALO IT Thailand | Position ([month] [year] – [month] [year]) •[client company name] – [project name] |[role] Description of contribution and responsibility in project •[client company name] – [project name] |[role] Description of contribution and responsibility in project •[client company name] – [project name] |[role] Description of contribution and responsibility in project •[workshop name] – [participant company/organization name] | [role] Description of workshop given, goals, and results [ex-employer name] | [position] ([month] [year] – [month] [year]) Description of contribution and responsibility in company [ex-employer name] | [position] ([month] [year] – [month] [year]) Description of contribution and responsibility in company [ex-employer name] | [position] ([month] [year] – [month] [year]) Description of contribution and responsibility in company [ex-employer name] | [position] ([month] [year] – [month] [year]) Description of contribution and responsibility in companyLAST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Expertise/technology 1 •Expertise/technology 2 •Expertise/technology 3 •Expertise/technology 4 •Expertise/technology 5 •Expertise/technology 6 •Degree name, University name (year) •ICAgile Certified Professional •Award 1 •Award 2 •Expertise/facilitation expertise 1 •Expertise/facilitation expertise 2CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 3

"Always be on the lookout for ways to turn a problem into an opportunity for success. Always be on the lookout for ways to nurture your dream." –Lao TzuSustainability & Impact Lead | 18 years' experience | English, Thai, JapaneseMam – Patchareeboon Sakulpitakphon Mam has a unique blend of experiences from working on various international development projects and helping companies with t heir corporate sustainability journeys globally. She is a practitioner of continuous learning and enjoys developing shared value p artnerships. PALO IT Thailand | Sustainability & Impact Lead (July 2023 - present) Leading PALO IT TH to deliver positive impact, achieved B Corp certification (certified in December 2023), and integration of sustainable IT, clima te action, innovations, and solutions into our services for clients. United Nations Development Programme (UNDP Laos) | Lead Consultant (September 2022 – June 2023) Developed the training curriculums and facilitated all of training workshops for the private sector and government agencies i n Vientiane, Oudomxay , and Pakse provinces in Laos PDR regarding responsible business practices, e.g., UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and understanding the various sustainability/ESG issues and international regulatory changes. RTI International | Private Sector Engagement Specialist (September 2020 – August 2022) For the two -year USAID Sustainable Fish in Asia Project, lead the private sector engagement activities, conducted a partnership landscape assessment that focused on sustainable finance, ESG impact, sustainable fishing good practices, and successfully brokered cro ss-sector partnerships to support community -based initiatives with small -scale fishers to protect the marine ecosystem and biodiversity. Resonance | Senior Private Sector Engagement Specialist (February 2017 – December 2019) Conducted a rapid partnership assessment to identify strategic shared value partnerships with companies from three sectors: c onstruction, fisheries/seafood, and domestic workers to prevent human trafficking and forced labor. As a result, brokered a 3 -year partnershi p valued at USD$2 million with a global company to work with the government, boat owners, fishers, and other stakeholders to improve Inte rnet connectivity and enable affordable two -way communications at sea for emergencies (to prevent illegal fishing and labor abuses). PwC Thailand | Sustainability & Climate Change Consultant (Lead) (April 2015 – November 2016) Co-lead and managed PwC Thailand's sustainability advisory team to provide a variety of technical services e.g., sustainability strategy development, materiality assessment, stakeholder engagement, and GRI/DJSI and sustainability reporting. Introduced new servic es relating to business and human rights and co -developed the PwC Sustainability Academy, that focused on capacity development for clients.LAST EST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Sustainability/ESG advisory e.g., development of sustainability strategy, materiality, data management, and impact assessments •UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and human rights due diligence •Project design, implementation, and monitoring/evaluation e.g., measuring impact, data quality, and analysis •Cross -sector partnership development •Stakeholder engagement e.g., AA1000 •Capacity development •Master of Arts in International Policy Studies: International Norms, Justice, and Human Rights from the Monterey Institute of International Studies - MIIS (2006) •Trained on various sustainability standards: ISO 14067 and GHG Protocol, GRI, DJSI, IFC Performance Standards, B Corp, UN SDGs, UN Global Compact, IFRC's Sustainability for Humanitarian Operations and Travel Life •Consultant/trainer/speaker at various UN, Responsible Business, and Sustainability eventsCERTIFICATION S & TALKS

---

## Page 4

"Climate change is not a science fiction, this is the battle in the real world, it is impacting us right now" – Arnold SchwarzeneggerSustainability Assistant Manager | 4 years' experience | English, ThaiPop – Kanyapak Kakkanantadilok Pop has an experiences from working on various climate projects and helping companies in SET Thailand with their corporate clim ate journeys . She is a practitioner of continuous learning and enjoys developing shared value partnerships. PALO IT Thailand | Sustainability Assistant Manager (September 2024 - present) Climate action, innovations, and solutions into our services for clients. EY Company Services Limited | Senior Consultant (May 2024 – August 2024 ) Managed EY Thailand's sustainability and climate change advisory team to provide a variety of technical services e.g., climat estrategy development, TCFD reporting. Conduct GHG training for companies under SET50, provide support for bank to set internal carbon pri ces, based on information from emission reduction projects and/or available market carbon offsetting price and/or IEA scenario carbon price s. Assist client to identify, measure, and appropriately manage their business and report risk in transition of their organizations to respond to changing of government regulations with respect to ESG/sustainability matters and new trends in sustainability management. ERM -Siam Thailand | Consultant (May 2022 – April 2024 ) Provide consultancy support on how to quantify, reduce and offset GHG emissions for finance, oil & gas, real estates and carp et manufacturing sectors on client's activities, product services, building and projects. Also financed emission support for finance sector. S upport SBTi submission for food & beverage sector. Capacity building on IFRS S1/TCFD framework. Support on climate scenario analysis including physi cal risk, transition risk, and financial modelling analysis to support client with its DJSI questionnaires under climate strategy area. Support on generating excel tool of Potential Avoided Emission (PAE) for finance sector. Support on emission and discharge report for oil and gas sector. And sup port on CDP questionnaire for mass transit business and food & beverage sectors. Fourtier Consultant | Environmental Engineer (April 2020 – April 2022 ) Support engineering part in EIA reports along with appropriate suggestions from the Industrial Estate Authority of Thailand's requirements that could be submit to Office of Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning (ONEP). Provide environmental guidance t o client for new industrial projects. Conduct site inspections for environment safety compliance, analyze inspection data to understand pollut ion and contamination levels.LAST EST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Climate Change /ESG advisory e.g., development of climate strategy , decarbonization roadmap , TCFD, CDP, DJSI reporting, GHG accounting and assurance. •Bachelor of Environmental Engineering : Kasetsart University ( Bangkhen ) - 2017 -2020 •Master of Environmental Engineering and Management : Asian Institute of Technology Studies - AIT (2018 -2020 ) •Trained on : ISO 14060 and GHG Protocol, GRI, DJSI, CDP, TCFD •Consultant/trainer at SET ThailandCERTIFICATION S & TALKS

---

## Page 5

“You have power over your mind … Realize this, and you will find strength.” - Marcus AureliusChief Operation s Officer | 20 years experience | EnglishRyan CLEMENS A proven software professional and executive with more than a decade of focused leadership experience across organization of all sizes in highly recognized technical, managerial and leadership capacities. Ryan’s passion is guiding organizations to achiev e more through increased collaboration, goal focus and building strong team -based cultures. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Organizational Culture •Agile Business •Talent Growth & Mentorship •Full Stack Development •Software and Enterprise Architecture •Software Testing •DevOps and CI/CD •Cloud Technologies and MigrationPALO IT Thailand | Chief Operations Officer ( June 2022 - Current) Taking care of the overall set of Palo consultants and engagements. Supporting every stage of project lifecycle, from presale s and initiation to handover and warranty. Allianz Technology Thailand | Head of GBM / GSI Edge Systems (August 2017 - June 2022) Led the creation, growth and development of Allianz’ premiere global assistance software delivery center for Assistance LOB. (~15 concurrent projects, >130 staff). Member of Allianz’ global enterprise architecture team and leading architecture, DevOp s and Ops support teams as well as software delivery. Agoda | Technical Specialist, Scrum of Scrums Master (2016 – 2017 ) Revamped hotel searches to take less than half the time and provide major reduction in operational incidents Sailing the Arctic Race | Chief Technology Officer (2013 -2016) Managed all systems, development staff and tech activities for a rapid growth startup which achieved global media attention ( CNN , Sailing World, Washington Post) with a purpose of spreading climate change awareness.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES •Executive MBA, Quantic School of Business & Technology (2022) •Bachelor of Computer Science, University of Victoria (2005) •Allianz Technology Best Leader (2020) •ICAgile Team Facilitation Certified (ICP -ATF) •ICAgile Product Owner Certified (ICP -APO)CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 6


---

## Page 7


---

## Page 8

“At the end of the day, your job isn’t to get the requirements right – your job is to change the world.” – Jeff PattonProduct Owner | 7years experience | English, Thai, MandarinJudy - Jinhan CHEN Judy’s experience in agile product management focuses on end -to-end website and mobile application development. She has amazing interpersonal skills when attending to various stakeholders. She is also passionate about educating herself with mach ine learning using python. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Product Management •Agile Process •Web & Mobile Application •Software End -to-end development •Backlog Refinement •Roadmap Planning •Software Localization •Data Analysis •MySQL •JIRA •Confluence •Adobe XDPALO IT Thailand | Product Owner (August 2021 - Present) •AIA Thailand – AIA ONE |Product Owner Created a superapp for agents, which combined new functionality and consolidated existing agent applications. Created and refined user stories, negotiated with business stakeholders and provided and clarified requirements and business process knowledge. The pr oject included iOS, android and tablet devices, React Native and micro -frontend technologies. •Tourism Authority of Thailand - Product Owner POC, MVP and business plan definition for a regenerative product for TAT Honest Technologies | Product Owner (April 2020 - July 2021) Built a fully digital banking experience focusing on in app onboarding application, KYC, balance and payment abilities Red Planet Hotels | Online Product Owner (October 2017 - February 2020) Created an online check -in experience for hotel guests to avoid congestion at the check -in counter using web and mobile application and kiosk hardware.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES •PALO IT sustainability and regenesis community leader •ICAgile Certified Professional CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 9

“When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.” —Paulo CoelhoProduct Owner | 5 years experience | English, ThaiPukky - Sirawan JUNGSIRI Pukky has experience in Agile Software development, with a focus on Backend products. She is a Product Owner who benefits from her hands -on past as a software developer and agile team member. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY PALO IT Thailand | Product Owner (June 2022 -Current) •Bank of Ayudhya – Home loan application for Sales | System Analyst Revamping applications into Flutter by bridging the gap between code and business requirements. Collaborating closely with bo th customers and developers to oversee projects and ensuring timely delivery while consistently exceeding expectations. •FWD Thailand – One Modularity Project | System Analyst Cracking the complexity of insurance legacy system and translate into backlogs of domain services to meet the project milesto nes. Collaborate working with tech leads to visualizing the system architecture for development team. •TerraCycle Foundation – Digitalize waste data management | Project Management Managing development of mobile application and automated report production throughout life cycle with the challenges of encou raging behavior changes of non -tech savvy users. The project includes Flutter, Golang and AWS technologies. •AIA Thailand – AIA ONE |Product Owner Creating a superapp for agents, which combined new functionality and consolidated existing agent applications. Creating and r efining user stories, negotiating with business stakeholders and providing and clarifying requirements and business process knowledge. ExxonMobil | Business Analyst (June 2021 – June 2022) Acted as collaborator among clients and developers. Prepared and ensured product backlog readiness to allow successful delive ry according to the forecast timeline. ExxonMobil | Software Developer (February 2020 – June 2021) Developed internal APIs and Pub/Sub model messaging using Java Spring Boot implemented using Extreme Programming practices. .LAST KEY EXPERIENCES •Pendo – AI For Product Management •ICAgile – Product Ownership •ICAgile – Agile Fundamental •AZ-900: Microsoft Azure Fundamentals •PALO IT Thailand's Sustainability Awareness and Climate Fresk Game •The UN's Digital4Sustainability Training Modules •Bachelor of Industrial Engineer, Chulalongkorn University (2019)CERTIFICATION & TALKS•Agile Project Management & Delivery •User Stories Writing •Backlog Refinement •Software Diagram •Domain/ Event -driven development •SQL/No -SQL database •SAP •Design Thinking

---

## Page 10

“Stop starting, start finishing.”Agile Delivery Lead | 17 years experience | English, ThaiNin - Peerachai KAOWICHAKORN Nin is an experienced Scrum Master who is passionate about building an ultimate agile team. His solid technical background as a technical lead and a developer give him comprehensive advantages to liaise with both technical and delivery team. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Agile Methodology •Agile Coaching, Workshop, Inception •Extreme Programming •Web & Mobile Application •Software Development and Delivery •Microservice Design & Development •Domain Driven Design •SAP HANA •Team & Resource Management •JiraPALO IT Thailand | Agile Delivery Lead (April 2022 - Present ) Lead project initiation phase of several client projects to ensure smooth project kickstart and effective planning, participa te in presales and handle staffing to match the right skillsets to the right customer needs. •FWD – One Modularity Project |Senior Scrum Master Streamline agile process across the organization to guarantee successful delivery of this complex project. •AIA Thailand – AIA ONE |Senior Scrum Master Created a superapp for agents, which combined new functionality and consolidated existing agent applications. Led 3 scrum teams and strengthened agile process and adoption across the whole program. AI & Robotics Ventures | Scrum Master (July 2021 – March 2022) Lead an agile team to successfully launch the company first -ever web -based agricultural satellite analytic and drone inspection appl ications Tata Consultancy Services | Scrum Master (February 2021 – June 2021) Lead a squad to deliver key modules; money transfer and eKYC of a mobile banking application ExxonMobil | Scrum Master, Technical Lead (December 2013 – January 2021) Lead SAP HANA and microservice development team Thomson Reuters | Software Engineer (April 2006 – May 2010) Design and develop real -time foreign exchange trading systemLAST KEY EXPERIENCES •ICAgile – Agile Fundamental •European Master of Software Engineering •Bachelor of Computer ScienceCERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 11

“You cannot control others, but you can control yourself”Scrum Master | English, Thai, Bahasa Melayu | 13 yearsEarng – Ranida NUANGJHAMNONG With extensive multicultural experience across various professional contexts, Ranida excels in communication, stakeholder man agement, and cross -functional leadership. She is adept at driving process improvements and ensuring efficient project delivery. A proactive p roblem solver, she embraces change and continuously seeks to optimize delivery outcomes. In addition to managing complex projects, Ranida is pas sionate about mentoring and coaching team members to foster both personal and organizational growth. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Agile Methodology •Stakeholder management •Project Management •Process Improvement •Training and Workshops •Data Analysis & Visualization •JIRA, Monday, Asana, Trello & Confluence •Zendesk, HubSpot, ZoHoSQL •Hadoop, Metabase •GraphQL , SQL, MSSQL •ICAgile – Agile Fundamental (ICP) •ICAgile – Agile Fundamental Authorized Instructor •ICAgile – Agile Team Facilitation (ICP-ATF) •ICAgile – Agile Product Ownership (ICP -APO) •Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) •Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO) •Climate Fresk Facilitator •BAS, RMIT University •DHM, La Trobe UniversityCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Scrum Master (April 2022 - Present ) Driving cross -team collaboration projects to enhance the company’s overall effectiveness. Tailoring mentoring program to individ uals to strengthen their agile and interpersonal skills. •WizardPO | Product Owner/Project Manager An artificial intelligent tool that help product owner generate user stories through image. •Celestial guardian PM2.5 tracker | Product Owner/Project Manager Led the PM2.5 Tracker project, managing team to deliver real -time air quality monitoring and automated AQI comparison report s. •Swoop buddy | Product Owner Steered and managed a non -profit project by employing Agile methodologies. •The1, Thailand | Scrum Master Guiding and optimizing the mobile application team for a ground -up Flutter rewrite of the Thailand loyalty points leader •TDG (True Digital), Thailand |Scrum Master Being an internal Scrum Master to empower the team to optimize their skills and cultivate a deep understanding of Agile •AIA Hong Kong – Minerva |Scrum Master Being the Scrum Master of Minerva, a mobile application for a policy holder of an international insurance company Agoda Thailand (January 2015 – April 2022) At Agoda, I led cross -functional teams and spearheaded global projects in roles such as Partner Service Central Operation, Partn er Innovation, and Online Affiliate Executive. My focus was on optimizing operational processes, streamlining KPIs, and driving stakeholder coll aboration across regions. I successfully launched global products, enhanced CRM systems, and led training workshops to boost team performance. Additionally, I developed marketing strategies for affiliate partners, leveraging data -driven insights to improve profitability and drive busine ss outcomes. AIG Malaysia (November 2012 – November 2014) Coordinating across multiple departments while overseeing key external partnerships with vendors. Trained in policy review an d insurance terminology, ensuring seamless execution of complex operations. LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 12

“Believe you can and you're halfway there."Scrum Master | 5 years experience | English, ThaiPeach - Phumin APHICHAICHATCHAVAL Peach has a variety of experience through multiple different roles in software development, quality assurance and business an alyst, which is a great help in his role as a scrum master understanding the various work in cross functional teams and helping team s collaborate and improve together. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Agile Methodology and Project Management •Software Life Cycle Management •User Stories Writing and Backlog Refinement •Software Technical Fluency •Web & Mobile Development •Design Thinking •Workshop and Facilitation •ICAgile – Agile Fundamental (ICP) •ICAgile – Agile Team Facilitation (ICP-ATF) •ICAgile – Agile Product Ownership (ICP -APO) •“Working in Agile Team” KMITL Mobile App Development course 2023 •“Agile Zoo – How to work with different kinds of people” Agile Thailand 2023 •Information and Communication Engineering, Chulalongkorn UniversityCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Scrum Master (August 2022 - Present) •AIA Hongkong – AIA+ |Scrum Master Facilitated a team of 30 to deliver the super app for users in Hong Kong, Macau, and China, enabling them to manage their acc ounts conveniently. Coordinated between the business and development teams on priorities to maximize value and become a market lead er •Nikanti Golf Club – B2B Agents Booking System |Scrum Master Managed the requirements from the client and cooperated with the developers to create a booking system for the golf club agen ts, replacing their existing manual process and potentially attracting more customers. •CIX Singapore – Carbon Trading Marketplace |Scrum Master Led the delivery of TH team, in collaboration with teams from SG and AU, to develop the platform for trading carbon credits. •AIA Thailand – AIA ONE |Scrum Master Facilitated a team of 10 which provided the technical backbone and integration for a major life insurance micro -frontend super a ppfor agents. Interfacing across vendors, and many different internal and external development teams as well. ExxonMobil | RPA Business Analyst (June 2019 – July 2022) •Business Analyst & Quality Assurance Engineer Analyzed business requirements and evaluated the technical processes/flows of the product. Ensured that every business rule is c overed and thoroughly considered. •Innovation Team Expanded innovation mindset throughout the company. Explored new initiatives to differentiate the company from the market. Exper imented ideas cheap and fast.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 13

“Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.” - Albert EinsteinScrum Master | 7 years experience | French, English, ThaiThomas COLOMBET Project success depends on the people involved in it. I've had the chance to train and encourage people in collaborating bett er in today's fast changing environments. As a scrum master it is my job to help teams grow and be more effective with an agile min dset. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Agile & Scrum Methodology •Change management •Process improvement •Business process management (BPM) •Training •Data visualization •Master's degree in computer science and information systems - EPSI Lyon, France (2017) •Professional Product Owner 1 - PSPO1 scrum.org (2022)CERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Scrum Master (February 2023 - Present) •AIA Hongkong – AIA+ |Scrum Master Worked with a team of 30 (four squads) to develop a mobile "Super App" for our client in Hong Kong, Macau, and China. Coordin ated between our mobile development team and the client's teams (web app, backend teams) and the business on priorities and agile practises . Beehave Software| Solution Engineer / Product Owner (June 2021 – February 2023) Responsible for the development of custom solutions for clients, needs prioritization, demo and customer success. Veolia| Senior Change Management consultant and trainer (April 2019 – June 2021) Change of IS ecosystem from Microsoft to Google products. Advising, training and change management Valeo| Change Management consultant and trainer (November 2017 – April 2019) Change of IS ecosystem from Microsoft to Google products. Advising, training and change management Valeo| Business Analyst – Cloud and digital transformation (October 2015 – July 2017) Migration of various software toward cloud solutionsLAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 14

“Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.” - Albert EinsteinScrum Master | 7 years experience | French, English, ThaiThomas COLOMBET Project success depends on the people involved in it. I've had the chance to train and encourage people in collaborating bett er in today's fast changing environments. As a scrum master it is my job to help teams grow and be more effective with an agile min dset. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Agile & Scrum Methodology •Change management •Process improvement •Business process management (BPM) •Training •Data visualization •Master's degree in computer science and information systems - EPSI Lyon, France (2017) •Professional Product Owner 1 - PSPO1 scrum.org (2022)CERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Scrum Master (February 2023 - Present) •AIA Hongkong – AIA+ |Scrum Master Worked with a team of 30 (four squads) to develop a mobile "Super App" for our client in Hong Kong, Macau, and China. Coordin ated between our mobile development team and the client's teams (web app, backend teams) and the business on priorities and agile practises . Beehave Software| Solution Engineer / Product Owner (June 2021 – February 2023) Responsible for the development of custom solutions for clients, needs prioritization, demo and customer success. Veolia| Senior Change Management consultant and trainer (April 2019 – June 2021) Change of IS ecosystem from Microsoft to Google products. Advising, training and change management Valeo| Change Management consultant and trainer (November 2017 – April 2019) Change of IS ecosystem from Microsoft to Google products. Advising, training and change management Valeo| Business Analyst – Cloud and digital transformation (October 2015 – July 2017) Migration of various software toward cloud solutionsLAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 15

“Life is a journey, not a destination. - Ralph Waldo Emerson”Agile Delivery Lead | 14 years experience | English, ThaiPalm - Sasikate SUWANCHATREE With over 10years of experience as a technical team player, a full -stack developer and a QA automation expert, Palm has taken o n leadership roles for over 5years to bring large cross -functional teams (20 -30 engineers) to successfully deliver valuable software products, includi ng complex projects with sensitive information and multifaceted requirements (e.g., compliance with the Bank of Thailand). EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Agile Methodology (e.g. SCRUM, KANBAN) •Product Management •Stakeholder Management •Software Development and Delivery onWeb & Mobile Applications •Microservice Design & Development •Team & Resource Management •Project Management Tools (e.g. JIRA, Trello, Shortcut, Monday.com ) •ConsultantPALO IT Thailand | Agile Delivery Lead (May 2023 - Present) •AIA Hongkong – AIA+ Hongkong | Senior Scrum Master & Delivery Lead Facilitate a large team and responsible for the entire project from inception to completion. Oversee all aspects of the deliv ery team and project delivery. Nimble | Technical Product Manager (Mid -Senior) (Oct 2020 – Feb 2023) Managed multifaceted software projects and facilitated the team to deliver the product with complex requirements (e.g., compl iance with the Bank of Thailand) and sensitive information. Ascend Group | Product Manager (May 2020 – July 2020) Managed the project and facilitated the team to deliver a new logistic partner platform(SaaS) within 3 months for TRUE YOU, T RUE Money, Third -party logistics Tourkrub.com |Product Owner (Dec 2019 – Mar 2020) Driven growth strategies to increase activation, retention, referral, and conversion rates involves overseeing a development team of 10 (including developers and UX professionals) to implement features such as online payment, affiliate programs, referral programs, a notification center, partnerships, and A/B testing. The LivingOS Co., Ltd. |Product Owner (Jul 2012 – Sep 2015 ) Led the business and technical requirements process with multi -culture stakeholders. Defined technical core concepts with Tech L ead, e.g., Initial database schema, technology constraints, and technology stack. Managed the JIRA product backlog for the SCRUM cross -functional team (in -house/Ven dor). Telenor Group | Test Automation Engineer & Frontend Developer (Jul 2012 – Mar 2019) Driven the test automation on a large project WowBox app of Telenor Group with 15+ million installs in Bangladesh, Pakistan, and Myanmar, including an integrated Smartphone Test Farm (STF). Built the core frontend components across the company's products and implemented responsi ve website. Isuzu Group | Full -stack JAVA Developer (Apr 2009 – Jul 2012 ) Contributed to Vendor Sourcing Process, analyzed the accounting & law terms requirements, and coped with the software vendor. Implemented and designed Web -Based Enterprise Accounting Modules, e.g., fixed assets, purchase orders, and general ledger.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES •AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (2022 - 2025) •ICAgile – Facilitator (2023) •Master of Science (MSc), Business Software Development, Chulalongkorn University (2017) •Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Thammasat University (2009)CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 16


---

## Page 17

Molecule Putter Ith Mo Kate Benz May Rit Natch

---

## Page 18

"Design is not art. Design is utilitarian, art is not.” – Massimo VignelliHead of UX/UI Design | 11 years experience | English, ThaiRit - Harit WANAPOH Rit is a full -stack UX/UI specialist with passion for creating sensible and innovative experiences. His entrepreneur background has given him strong critical thinking skills in addition to his sense of curiosity for how and why things work the way they do. PALO IT Thailand | Head of UX/UI Design (August 2021 – current) Oversee product consultants to ensure prioritization of value -based delivery and improving internal capabilities and collaborati on within internal departments. Help build a sustainable mindset, promoting the creation and integration of the Sustainable UX/UI Framework to e mpo wer conscious decision -making as PALO IT’s default best -practice. •AIA Thailand – AIA ONE |Lead UX/UI Designer Led and audited designs across the micro -frontend project to align and ensure the best user experience and interfaces are delive red. Defined platform -level experience through ideation and testing using interactive prototypes. Oversaw both PALO IT and AIA’s UX and UI de signers on processes, best practices, documentation, and execution for the whole project. •AIA Thailand – AIA+ | Senior UX/UI Designer Led ideation workshops and worked closely with the client’s design and product owner team to deliver an improved experience to r eplace the existing application. •Impact Design Workshop – Miso, Swoop Buddy, The1, BAY | Facilitator Facilitated the generation of ideas on improving the positive impact of digital products in conjunction with the sustainabili ty lead. •Climate Fresk Workshop – KMITL | Facilitator Facilitated the Climate Fresk Workshop, raising awareness on the environmental impacts of global warming. Honest Technologies | Product Designer (April 2020 – August 2021) Built a revolutionary application experience from the ground up, focusing on application, KYC, and payment experiences. Eatigo Thailand | Product Designer (January 2019 – April 2020) Implemented the design system and versioning. Improved customer experience and customer service quality of life. Launched Eatigo market.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Design Auditing •Design Thinking •User Research & Usability Testing •Wireframing & Prototyping •Roadmap Planning •Design Systems Management •Design Documentation •Stakeholder Management •Team & Resource Management •Project Management •Workshop Facilitation & Training •Talent Mentorship •ICAgile Certified Professional •UNSSC Digital Transformation for Sustainable Development Certification •Climate Fresk Workshop Facilitator •Bachelor of Science and Technology, Bangkok University InternationalCERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 19

May is a passionate designer who believes in user -centered design (UCD). She has solid experience in various industries such as finance, task management, broadcasting, and lifestyle, and is always looking to expand her skills through continuous learning . “Doctors save lives by constructing a healthy life, Designers save lives by constructing a life worth living” – Mark W. PerrettMay - Busara BANNAKIATKUL UX/UI Designer | 10 years experience | English, Thai PALO IT Thailand | UX/UI Designer (June 2022 - current) Lead design teams on projects, ensuring maximum product value through facilitating conversations and decision -making based on bu siness and user priorities. Help oversee personal growth of team members through close mentorship and coaching, bringing in best practic es and initiatives to improve internal capabilities. •Mitsubishi Company (Thailand) Ltd. – Krabi’s Carbon Neutral Tourism |Senior UX/UI Designer Designed the Krabi Carbon Neutrality Mobile Application to promote eco -friendly tourism by encouraging carbon -neutral behaviors. The app integrates connections to sustainable accommodations, dining, and activities, along with a points -based reward system for redeem ing unique local experiences, fostering both environmental impact and authentic engagement. Conducted research to gather insights from s takeholders and tourists to refine and enhance the app’s features. •Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited – KBank Impact Tracker |Senior UX/UI Designer Design a sustainability website for tracking carbon emissions of businesses, which will primarily be used for showcasing KBank at the Earth Jump 2024 event and serve as the foundation for the entire project moving forward. •Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited – QR Modernization |Senior UX/UI Designer Design an application for businesses to accept payments for goods and services, incorporating QR Code payment options through Mobile Banking across all banks. Throughout this process, a strict focus was maintained on meeting high -quality standards for the deliv erables, with adherent design systems, design tokens, wireflows , and etc. Close collaboration with the developers was integral for effectively communicating design specifications and meticulously reviewing the front -end designs they produced. •AIA Thailand – AIA ONE |Senior UX/UI Designer Led in designing one of the major modules for the agent superapp while ensuring the quality of the deliverables were met. Imp lemented the design thinking process from research to execution, coordinated with developers to handover the design specifications, and re viewed front - end designs from developers.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Design Thinking •User Flow •Wireframing & Prototyping •Design Systems Management •User Interface Design •Fundamental UX – UX Academy •Accelerated by 500 Startups Accelerate Mountain View, Silicon Valley – #Links (now GetLinks ) •ICAgile Certified Professional (ICP) •ICAgile Agile Team Facilitation (ICP -ATF) •Digital4SustainabilityCERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 20

"Good design is about improving stakeholder relationships and creating greater values.”Benz is a business -driven UX/UI designer who believes in user -centered and data -driven design approach. He has over 9 years previous experience in communication, marketing, and design across various industries, as well as UX/UI and Service Design experience in European countries. Benz - Pongpath PONGSUPATH UX/UI Designer | 5 years experience | English, Thai •Winner of “Data Natives” 2020 (Germany) •Winner of “Hack Zurich” 2020 (Switzerland) •Lead “Innovative experience for Thai massage” 2019 (Design Thinking workshop) •ICAgile Certified Professional CERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | UX/UI Designer (August 2021 - current) •The 1 –The 1 App |Senior UX/UI Designer Developed a new "Information Architecture" to enhance online -to-offline experiences and app scalability. Created user -centric personalization framework to significantly increased user transactions. Enhanced UX capabilities by training and coaching the Product Designer team. •Nikanti – Booking Platform |Senior UX/UI Designer Developed a golf booking website and customer management system in order to improve the customer/agency booking experience and support various business models, including B2B. •AIA Thailand – AIA ONE |Senior UX/UI Designer Led in designing one of the major modules for the agent superapp while ensuring the quality of the deliverables were met. Implemented the design thinking process from research to execution, coordinated with developers to handover the design specifications, and re viewed front - end designs from developers. •AIA Thailand – AIA+ | UX/UI Designer Worked closely with the client’s design and product owner team to deliver an improved experience to replace the existing applica tion. RentSpree | Product Designer (UX) (December 2020 - February 2021) Improved user flow for data collection and user behavior analytics MSC Cruises | UX/UI Designer (January - March 2019) Designed the user journey and mobile app for robotic bartenders in cruising experienceLAST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Design Thinking •User Research & Usability Testing •Wireframing & Prototyping •Service Design & Service Blueprint

---

## Page 21

"A problem well stated is a problem half solved.” – Charles KetteringNatch - Natchlada ANANTACHAISILP Natch transitioned into the world of UX/UI after six years' experience in digital marketing and communications. With a divers e background spanning nonprofits and startups, her drive for impact led her to the realm of design. Her passion lies in using desi gn as a catalyst for positive change, and her mission is to simplify lives through intentional design while empowering businesses t o thrive. UX/UI Designer | 3 years experience| English, Thai •Bachelor of Arts, University of New Mexico (Strategic Communications and Media Arts) •User Experience Design, UX Academy at Design Lab •3rd Place Winner, Girls in Tech Hackathon San Francisco 2022 •ICAgile Certified Professional •Climate Fresk Workshop FacilitatorPALO IT Thailand l UX/UI Designer (July 2023 - Present) •NodesNow | UX/UI Designer (Ongoing) Currently designing and integrating AI functionalities into an all -in-one meeting collaboration app. Applying experience -driven design thinking with a strong emphasis on user research, wireframing, rapid prototyping and testing. •KBank Live | UX/UI Designer Led a comprehensive UX/UI project for KBank Live's web app, enhancing multiple features and pinpointing usability issues through rigorous testing and user interviews. Implemented a Double -Diamond design thinking process from research to execution, resulting in a refined user experience and heightened functionality. Freelancer | UX/UI Designer (May 2020 – June 2023) •DBSASF Depression Bipolar Support Allian ce| UX Designer Conducted user research and delivered an MVP product to build an all -inclusive, free mobile app to support, empower, and educate all individuals in their mental health journey through promotion of peer -to-peer support groups. •East Bay Academy | UX/UI Designer Led a responsive web redesign for a local gym by redesigning the information architecture, visual hierarchy and content to ma ke the browsing experience more friendly and approachable. Marketing Project Manager (Dec 2019 – June 2022) Contributed in building the creative agency from the ground up and led a team of 10+ creatives. Managed 6 of the agency’s key accounts and oversaw the content strategy, building client relationships, and designing creative campaigns.LAST KEY EXPERIENCESEXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Design Thinking •User Research & Usability Testing •Wireframing & Prototyping CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 22

Kate - Sirintra LEENUTAPHONG UX/UI Designer | 4 years experience | English, Thai, Japanese Kate has a strong passion in UX design concept with a demonstrated history of working experience with international companies. Arts and design professional with an undergraduate degree in media art from Tama Art University.”The simplest way to achieve simplicity through thoughtful reduction” PALO IT Thailand | UX/UI Designer (November 2021 - present) •Bank of Ayudhya – QR Modernization | UX/UI Designer Background helps with design by focusing on design systems and tokens. •Di-Sales –Krungsri Nimble | UX/UI Designer improving its design, adding new features, and ensuring consistency throughout the entire application. •Swoop buddy – Cloth swap platform | UX/UI Designer Revamp the responsive cloth swap platform to enhance the current website experience. Engage in user testing to guarantee a more user - centric website. •AIA Thailand –Quicksilver for AIA ONE and AIA+ | UX/UI Designer Delivered the UX/UI Design and user testing on AIA Thailand’s sales tool application (B2B and B2C) on native devices and on t he web. Lotus’s | UX/UI Designer (October 2020 – October 2021 ) Redesigned Lotus’s website and application from wireframing to UI execution The Living OS Co., Ltd | UX/UI Designer (August 2019 – July 2020 ) Worked closely with the UX lead as a product owner to reskin the legacy system. Conducted user research and user testing. Whying Co.,| Project Coordinator (June 2018 - December 2018 ) Worked with 10 major public hospitals to implement smart medication programs.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Design Thinking •User Research & Usability Testing •Wireframing & Prototyping CERTIFICATION & TALKS •ICAgile – Agile Fundamental •Behavior design and Nudging Design Persuasive Experience, TDC (Thailand, 2020) •UX design, RED academy (Vancouver, Canada 2019) •Bachelor of Art, Tama Art University (Tokyo,2013) •JLPT N1

---

## Page 23

"Design is so simple that's why it is so complicated.” – Paul RandUX/UI Designer | 3 years experience | English, ThaiMo - Nabhat YUKTADATTA Mo has been working in various field. He was a front -end developer, innovation consultant, and now UX/UI designer. With various field of experience, he has a strong understanding in product development. He also strongly believes that to devise a rightful solution, it's very important to understand the actual user, the one who will use the product. •Bachelor of Engineering, Software and Knowledge Engineering, Kasetsart University •Certified Gamification Design Course from Thammasat Design Center (TDC) •ICAgile Certified Professional PALO IT Thailand | UX/UI Designer (February 2022 - Present) •Bank of Ayudhya – QR Modernization | UX/UI Designer Design a new merged product intended for shop users to accept payments for goods and services. The product's focus is to integra tethe functionalities of two existing apps into one single app. Initiate the design token for efficient communication within the de sign environment. Carry out tasks including designing the system, creating design tokens, and developing wireflows , wireframes. Ensure close collaboration with developers and stakeholders to guarantee product quality. •Nikanti | UX/UI Designer User researched and delivered the UX/UI design for Nikanti Golf Club website to improve the customer/agency booking experience and support various business models, including B2B. •AIA Thailand – AIA ONE | UX/UI Designer Delivered the UX/UI design for AIA Thailand’s application as a part of the AIA ONE project. •TerraCycle | Researcher, UX/UI Designer Conducted user research and delivered the MVP product for waste data record management as means to improve current data recordin g process to make it more accurate, reliable, and user friendly. •Design Thinking Workshop – KMITL | Facilitator Facilitated the Design Thinking workshop to highlight the importance of desirability of users as a crucial factor in product development. Freelancer | UX/UI Designer (May 2020 - January 2022) Deliver various applications design (both mobile and web) with various business industries. ExxonMobil Thailand | UX Designer (July 2021 - January 2022) Provide UX/UI design for ongoing product used in manufacturer and conduct research to validate user needs.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Design Thinking •User Research & Usability Testing •Wireframing & Prototyping •Design Systems Management •Design Tokens CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 24

“Design must reflect the practical and aesthetic in business but above all... good design must primarily serve people.” – Thomas J. WatsonUX/UI Designer | 3 years experience | English, ThaiIth - Ithida SARAVITEE Over the past years, Ith has been incorporating design practices into all aspects of her work. She values the process of creating meaningful user experiences and empathizes with users to create intuitive and accessible digital products and services. She i s ultimately passionate about how design and technology can elevate seamless and impactful human experiences. •United Nations' Digital4Sustainability Training Modules •PALO IT Thailand's Sustainability Awareness and Climate Fresk Game •Digital Product Management •ICAgile Certified Professional •Bachelor of Architecture and Design, King Mongkut’s University of Technology ThonburiPALO IT Thailand l UX/UI Designer (May 2022 - Present) •Bank of Ayudhya -QR Modernization | UX/UI Designer / Product Owner Conducts a design system and design token for an entire application, defining the acceptance criteria and flow in line with the project specifications, creating handover documentation, and then delivering the final outcome to the developer for further implement ation. Defines sprint priorities and product backlog, keeping track of development efforts and providing acceptance of development work expe ctations. •Design Thinking Workshop – KMITL | Facilitator Facilitated the Design Thinking workshop to highlight the importance of desirability of users as a crucial factor in product development. •TerraCycle | Researcher, UX/UI Designer Conducted user research and delivered the MVP product for waste data record management as means to improve current data recordin g process to make it more accurate, reliable, and user friendly. •AIA Thailand – AIA ONE | UX/UI Designer Delivered the UX/UI design for AIA Thailand’s application as a part of the AIA ONE projectLAST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Design Thinking •Wireframing & Prototyping •Agile Software Project Management •User Stories Writing •Backlog Refinement •Roadmap Planning •Project Management & Delivery CERTIFICATION & TALKS Orange Cap Innovative l UX/UI Design (March 2022 – April 2022) Created a variety of mobile and web application designs, including landing pages, e -commerce applications, and travel booking ap plications.

---

## Page 25

Putter has made a transition from marketing because of his passion for user experience and design. He has been ambitiously wo rked in improving the experience of products by implementing true user experience principles and methods for maximum impact on product quality. “Design is not what it looks and feels like. Design is how it works” – Steve JobsPutter - Tham WATTANAVEKIN UX/UI Designer | 3 years experience | English, Thai PALO IT Thailand l UX/UI Designer (May 2022 - Present) •AIA Thailand – AIA ONE | UX/UI Designer Delivered the UX/UI design for AIA Thailand’s super application as a part of the AIA ONE project. Developed the AIA ONE desig n library, minimizing the design team’s delivery lead -time through restructuring and introducing consistent naming conventions for all desi gn components. •Thai Clean Air Network – UX/UI Designer Delivered a redesign for Thai Clean Air Network website as part of tech for good project. Rearchitected the navigations of th e website and contents for better usability. •Di-Sales – Krungsri Nimble – UX/UI Designer Delivered a redesign for Krungsri Di-Sales mortgage application for agency and bank employee. Developed entirely design system library, established a whole design flow and screens of existing modules, designed new features, implemented better design pattern and consistency for the whole application, and holistically redesigned the application using the same design components. Relifnow Telehealth Application l UX/UI Designer (November 2022 – February 2023) Delivered a redesign application for telehealth application including customer facing app, doctor app, pharmacy and pharmacis t web application. Dspine & Tallsters l Product Designer (April 2021 - July 2021) Transformed the internal management from conventional to digitalized. Created the whole back -office web application (ERP) with o ver 5 main features for a chiropractic clinic. Re -designed the operational and management flows to be more efficient and practical.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Design Thinking •User Research & Usability Testing •Wireframing & Prototyping •Design Systems Management •Bachelor of Science, Psychology, Chulalongkorn University •Bachelor of Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences, University of Queensland •ICAgile Certified ProfessionalCERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 26

"Laughter is timeless. Imagination is no age. And dreams are forever ” – Walt DisneyUX/UI Designer | 6 years experience | English, ThaiMolecule – Tiwarat KULWATTHANAWORAPONG Molecule has spent her entire life as a designer, believing that understanding user needs leads to better experiences. With e xperience in various industries, she continued to find opportunities to improve both user experience and environment through thoughtful design. PALO Thailand | UX/UI Designer (September 2024 – Current) Enhance design FOURDIGIT Thailand | Senior UX Designer (November 2022 – August 2024) Took the leadership position in an international project based in Vietnam. Collaborate across borders, ensuring a cohesive an d impactful design outcome that resonated with local market. Develop a structure design process that serve as a clear set guideline for the team at all levels and roles, ensuring the consistent and organized approach to meet design standard. AIA Thailand | Supervisor UI Designer (April 2021 – October 2022) Oversee new super app product, AIA+ creating all the new design system on Figma and be the first centralized for every quarte rs to use this system. Led end to end UX/UI design and establish a framework for communicating with the different team project. Beacon Interface, KBTG | Advanced Designer (July 2017 – March 2021) Enhance user research, and overall design process to various projects which are banking, education, hospitality, investment, and touristism . Collaborate closely with business and development team to ensure comprehensive user -centric design.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY • Design Thinking •User Research & Usability Testing •Wireframing & Prototyping •Design Systems Management •Bachelor of Industrial Design, King Mongkut’s University of Technology Thonburi •Gamification Design, Thammasat Design Center •The Foundations of UX Design by Interaction Design Foundation ( IxDF )CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 27


---

## Page 28

erm Yui Simon O-Yua Meen Bush Dem Yo Tungmae

---

## Page 29

“The art of life lies in a constant readjustment to our surroundings” - Kakuzo OkakuraYui is a software engineer who had devoted her career for building quality software and self improved teams. Facing different responsibilities, she made it natural to wear multiple hats and efficiently communicate with a wide range of domains of exper tise. Open minded and eager to learn, she is always seeking for new opportunities and ways to make the world a better place. Yui - Sirirat RUNGPETCHARAT DevOps Lead| 13 years experience | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •React, Angular, TypeScript, NextJS, NuxtJS •Kotlin, NodeJS, GoLang •GTM, Appsflyer ,Google Analytics with ecommerce, GCP BigQuery •DAGs, Dataflow, GCP BigTable •Flutter, React Native •Docker, Jenkins, TravisCI , GCP CloudBuild , Bitbucket Pipeline, Gitlab -CI •GCP, AWS, Azure •Terraform, helm, k8s •Service Mesh: Istio •ElasticSearch •Physical Infrastructure Design •ICAgile Fundamental •Bachelor of IT – King Mongut University of Technology Latkrabang •Management 3.0 •Test Automation – KMITL special class •CKADCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Tech Lead (December 2020 - Present) •The 1 Tech – Central Group | Senior Developer, Tech lead oDeveloping and coaching web frontend stacks team to build hybrid web to both works as standalone and webview inside mobile application with E2E test automation. Setting up GA4 for the whole organization and developing automated GTM configuration pi peline for GA4 oLead a Discovery squad to surface The1 Personalization Loyalty assets for loyalty customers with high availability and near real -time Data pipeline •True Digital Thailand – TrueID | Tech Lead Developing and coaching within the commercial team to deliver high traffic purchasing of subscription and e -commerce system. Ful l stack, fully automated. Developing automated data migration pipeline for product catalog across multiple systems and microservices Builk One Group | CTO (August 2018 - November 2020) Lead a team of 40 engineers to deliver and maintain a cloud based, enterprise resources management (ERP) web application for construction enterprises company. She also started an innovation team to work on construction 3d modeling and R&D. Builk Asia | CTO (April 2016 - July 2018) Lead a team of 20 engineers to create and continuously deliver multiple web and mobile application platforms integrated with Bilk AWS payment solutions. In parallel, she also started the DevOps department of her company.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 30

“People don't care about what you say, they care about what you build.” - Mark ZuckerbergBush - Kittipon KANDA Software Developer building responsive websites, mobile apps, and interactive features. Specialty in DevOps & Automation Testing . I love exploring and learning new things! Technical Lead | 9 Years Experience | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Dart Flutter •Java, GoLang, C# (.NET) •NodeJS, TypeScript •React ( NextJS, Redux,Recoil ) •React Native, Flutter •Native iOS (Swift) •Native Android (Java) •Craftsmanship (TDD, BDD) •JUnit, Appium, Selenium •MongoDB, DynamoDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL •Docker, Kubernetes •AWS / GCP •CI/CD , Jenkins, Bitbucket CI, GitHub CI •Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Engineering, - Kasetsart University •ICAgile Certified Professional (ICP) •Certified Kubernetes Application Developer (CKAD)CERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Technical Lead (May 2019 – Present) -Krungsri Nimble Thailand – Di-Sales| Dev Lead Software Developer Consulted, implemented and standardized a new version of one stop service application for sales agents with Flutter and automat e testing. -True Digital Thailand –TrueID | Full Stack Software Developer Part of a squad dedicated to scale -up direct sales capabilities and provide True Digital distribution team with the ability to s ell online directly tocustomers together with dynamic offers, bundles, and commercial options -Krungsri Auto Thailand | Full Stack Software Developer Developed a new insurance application for Krungsri offering end to end experience from selecting the right policy to online p ayment and renewal -Nikanti Golf Course Thailand | Software Developer Developed a new website for a prestigious golf course Cleverse Thailand | Software Developer (May 2014 - Mar 2019) Developed, designed and improved modern Web applications in the JavaScript ecosystem.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 31

“Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.” Henry FordWith a passion for technology and social improvement, Simon has designed and developed robust solutions to help organizations streamline their processes and improve their operations. He has worked with several multinational companies and always manage d to be effective regardless of the expectations and culture. Simon SPOZIO Technical Lead | 9 years of experience | English, French EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •ReactJS, Typescript •NodeJS •Java •React Native, Flutter •Native Android (Java/Kotlin) •Dart, Go •AWS (API Gateway, Lambda, S3, SES, CloudFront, Route53, DynamoDB, IAM, CloudWatch) •MongoDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL •Docker •Expert of Information Technology Master - Epitech Paris, Graduate School of Digital Innovation •ICAgile Certified Professional (ICP) •GitHub Actions CertifiedCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand |Technical lead (March 2019 - Present) •AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Technical Lead Leading a squad developing one of the primary lines of business within a brand -new ground up implementation of a new super app f or the life insurance regional market leader. React Native mobile implementation, Java backend for frontend, CI/CD pipeline including mac mini test automation . •True Digital Thailand - TrueID | Technical Lead Worked on a dedicated squad to scale -up direct sales capabilities and provide True Digital distribution team with the ability to sell online directly to customers together with dynamic offers, bundles, and commercial options. Worked on a team that handle d/built all the profile features for the new True ID mobile application. •Nikanti Golf Course Thailand | Technical Lead Developed a custom -tailored website for a prestigious golf club in Thailand and developed a full online booking experience •YPB Group | Full Stack Developer Developed a mobile POC (with Flutter) allowing a smartphone to verify genuine goods (by using image capture/recognition) •Krungsri Auto | Scrum Master and Full stack developer Supported as a scrum master and full stack developer a new insurance application for Krungsri offering end to end experience from selecting the right policy to online payment. Taskworld Thailand| Full Stack Developer (January 2017 - January 2019) Developed a project management solution for web and mobile used by thousands of users worldwide. Connect -in (Nice, France) | Software Developer (October 2015 - October 2016) Developed an IoT platform used to allow live interaction between smartphones and street furniture.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 32

“Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.” - Bill GatesMeen started learning software development in 2012 and it became his true passion. He strives to develop clean and beautiful code and is always there to support and help his team mates to succeed at delivering a quality product in an efficient manner. He loves fixing complex bugs and problems, he celebrates every correction as if it was his favorite football team scoring a goal. Meen - Sakarat KAEWWICHIAN Full Stack Developer| 9 years of experience | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •NodeJS / Vue / ReactJS •React Native •GoLang •RESTful API •PHP •MySQL, MongoDB, Vector Database •Docker •Git •AWS, GCP •Terraform, K8s, Helm, Jenkins, Gitlab CI/CD •Azure DevOps •BSc, Kasetsart University, Thailand •ICAgile Certified Professional (ICP) •Certificate Kubernetes Application Developer (CKAD)CERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (October 2020 – Present) •True Digital Thailand -TrueID | Full Stack Developer Part of the team, dedicated to deliver robust and resilience subscription system. Coding structuring. Coaching internal team to familiar with DevOps parts such as Terraform, Kubernetes and Jenkins. Introduced fully automated CI/CD and mindset to have responsibility t o the team's CI/CD pipeline. •AIA Hongkong -AIA+ | Full Stack Developer Part of the team, dedicated to deliver robust and resilience claim & coverage insurance system. Contributing internal client tea ms to deploy API and Gateway. •NodesNow -NodesAI | Full Stack Developer Part of the team, dedicated to deliver robust and resilience OpenAI(Chat GPT) integration for meeting organization and sale stra tegies from provided contexts Siam Cement Group (SCG) (June 2018 — October 2020) Member of Zero to One startup studio for the Thailand cement market leader. Supported several startups (Procurement system, E -Commerce, Tractor finder app) developed products, acted as mentor, help grow developer skills and improve their process. Movefast Thailand (September 2016 — March 2018) Supported C -Commerce (Communication + Commerce). Developed a CRM for sales team and marketing analysis tools for marketing team, also designed workflow for packaging team.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 33

“The obstacle is the way” - Ryan HolidayFull Stack Developer | 3 Years Experience | English, ThaiPerm - Thanawan TECHASAI Perm is a software developer who graduated with a bachelor's degree in economics. He is a self -taught software developer who lov es to be challenged, in and out of his day job. He believes in meaningful work and meaningful relationships. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •GoLang •Python •React JS •Native Android (Kotlin) •Docker, Kubernetes •Cypress, Appium, Cucumber, Gherkin •Certified Kubernetes Application Developer (CKAD) •ICAgile Fundamental •Bachelor of Economics, Thammasat UniversityCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Software Engineer (October 2021 - Present) •True digital Thailand -TrueID | Full Stack Developer Participated in the development of a major customer application for a leading telecom client. My team's responsibility was ma inly on the profile of the user feature. Also providing mobile automated test with tools like Cucumber, Gherkin and Appium T.N. Incorporation | Software Engineer (July 2020 – September 2021) Developed a core credit system that governs the entire life cycle of a customer's loan with microservices using Golang for ba nks in Thailand such as Kasikorn Bank and The Government Savings Bank.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 34

“Your future is crated by what you do today not tomorrow"Yo is an experienced Full Stack developer, passionate about Mobile, Web application development and creating solutions that s olve real user problems. He is dedicated to continuous learning and finding new challenges with which to improve his skills. Yo - Krit NAMBUTT Full Stack Developer | 4 years experiences | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •React JS, React -Native •Node.js (Express), Vue JS, JavaScript •Python (Flask) •Chatbot Development •Android Development (Java) •UX/UI Design •Adobe XD •PostgreSQL, MySQL, Firebase •AWS: Elastic beanstalk, CodePipeline, Cloud Watch, S3, Route53, RDS, EC2PALO IT Thailand | Software Developer (June 2022 – present) •AIA Thailand – AIA One | Software Developer Development on an all -in-one Agent super app for the leading Thai Life insurance company, with Java Spring Boot microservices an d a React Native modular frontend design, end -to-end automated regression testing with Appium, CI/CD using Jenkins. Fastship.co | Full stack Developer (November 2020 – June 2022) Developing software base on Document Requirement and meeting customer needs. Developer software internal and external from sc ratch (Design UX/UI, flow process, developing software). Such as chat service, E -commerce platform (online shopping, online shipping f rom China or overseas) Mappico.co| Full stack Developer (August 2018 - November 2020) Developing software base on Document Requirement and meeting customer needs. Developing mobile, web application, GPS tracking system, chatbot service, system management support.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES •Bachelor of Computer Engineering, Thammasat University •Smart parking using IoT Technology (IEEE Xplore) •ICBIR 2018 Certificate of attendance •LINE API Workshop for developer (EMETWORKS)CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 35

“creativity takes courage” -Henri MatisseFull Stack Developer | 7 years experience | English, Thai A full -stack developer with experience in web development and mobile application development across diverse businesses. Equipped with a can -do attitude and eagerness to improve the skills. Enthusiasts about emerging technologies, human -computer interaction and semantic technology. O-Yua - Kunlanit KORSAMPHAN EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •ReactJS, Vue (NuxtJS) •Flutter •NodeJS (NextJS) •GoLang •Ruby on Rails •PostgreSQL / MySQL / MSSQL •MongoDB / Neo4j •Firebase •AWS: SAM / Lambda / API Gateway / DynamoDB •Google Cloud API: Map, Fitness, Vision •Augmented Reality: Unity3D / Vuforia •Bachelor of Science in Multimedia Technology and Animation •ICAgile Certified Professional CERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Software Developer (August 2022 – Present) •True Digital Thailand – TrueID | Software Developer Part of a squad dedicated to scale -up direct sales capabilities and provide True Digital distribution team with the ability to s ell online directly to customers together with dynamic offers, bundles, and commercial options Muang Thai Life Assurance PCL. | Freelance Developer (December 2020 – July 2022) MTL Fit –Create Android Native Modules to retrieve user's health data with Google Fit. Retailature Co., Ltd. | Frontend Developer (October 2019 – June 2020) NextBest.AI – Developed frontend functionalities of mar -tech web application with VueJS . GeekStart Co., Ltd. | Developer (March 2018 – September 2019) ReadyPlastic – Developed and maintained e -commerce web application for B2B plastic online trading FineCoding Co., Ltd | Developer (January 2017 – February 2018) Cloud And Thing Co., Ltd | Developer (June 2016 – December 2016) 3ViewGroup Co., Ltd. | Android Developer (October2015 – March 2016) ShareLook – Developed a live video streaming application for android platform.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 36

”Be yourself; everyone else is already taken” –Oscar Wilde -Software Developer| 4 years experience | English, ThaiTungmae– Patchara Charoenkij I'm passionate about leveraging technology to create impactful solutions that enhance lives. As a software engineer and archi tect, I thrive on developing innovative software and designing robust architectures that empower businesses and communities. PALO IT Thailand | Software Developer (Feb 2024 – Present) -Kasikorn Bank – KCLIMATE 1.5 | Software Developer Development of a sustainability focused website providing carbon accounting measurement and visualization using React, GoLang , Superset, and AWS cloud services. -AIA Hong Kong -AIA+ | Software Developer Full stack development of the premiere customer -facing super app for the SEA life insurance market with React Native mobile app and Java Sprint Boot microservices. -Krungsri Nimble - Di-Sales | Software Developer Development a new version of one stop service application for sales agents with Flutter and automate testing. -PALO IT Bootcamp (1 Month) PALO’s extensive internal onboarding and education process including technical practice training, DevOps pipeline/automation training, and intensive Flutter bootcamp. PeerPower | Senior Software Engineer (July 2023 – Oct 2023) -Designed and implemented software, transitioning from monolithic to microservices. N-Squared e -commerce | Software Engineer (Feb 2020 - June 2023 ) Senior Software Engineer -Led team to design, develop, delivery and support product. Software Engineer -Designed and implemented software to support business. -Designed and implemented software architecture on AWS platform using Kubernetes, Terraform and Serverless. also managed budgeting and reduced AWS costs by over 20% onAWS within one year and while increasing the number of microservices and transaction volume. -Implemented standard Python library to assist the development team.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Python / Django / FastAPI •Java / Java Spring Boot •JavaScript, TypeScript •ReactJS / NextJS / ReactNative •PostgreSQL •Github / Gitlab •RabbitMQ / Redis •Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins •Elastic stack •AWS •Terraform •Dart / Flutter •Bachelor of Computer Science, CU (2020) •ICAgile Certified ProfessionalCERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 37

“We're just enthusiastic about what we do.” - Steve JobsFull Stack Developer | 5 years experience | English, ThaiDem - Kasidis CHAOWVASIN Dem is an open -minded, enthusiastic software developer who likes challenging himself. He is passionate about delivering quality work and believes team collaboration and communication is the best way to improve software quality and customer experience. H e is good at finding solutions to many projects and learning from his experiences to create even better software. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •NodeJs (NextJS ), TypeScript •ReactJS, VueJS •React Native •Detox, Cypress •GoLang •GraphQL •PHP (Laravel, WordPress) •MySQL •Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform •Git, Jenkins, GitLab CI/CD •GCP •ICAgile Certified Professional •GitHub Actions Certified •BSc. IT (Honors), King Mongkut’s Institute of Technology Ladkrabang •A Scalable Service Architecture for Resource Intensive Tasks published in IEEE XploreCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (August 2021 - Present) •AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Full Stack Developer Developed a comprehensive insurance super app utilizing React Native for the frontend and Java Spring Boot for the backend, with testin g implemented using Detox and Behavior -Driven Development (BDD). •True Digital Thailand -TrueID | Full Stack Developer Working on a subscription system that enables online sales directly to customers, featuring special offers and product bundles. Invol ved in conducting load testing and performing end -to-end testing to ensure the system's performance and reliability. Wisible | Software Engineer (June 2020 -August 2021) Part of a team. Develop, optimize, and customize a CRM Web -based application for sales teams to satisfy customer's needs using R eact, GraphQL , and Node.js. And responsible for implementing integration services for third -party applications. Montivory | Software Engineer (September 2019 -May 2020) Full-stack development using Java (Adobe Experience Manager). Created knowledge -based resources about Adobe Experience Manager i n Company for developers. Thailand Science Research and Innovation (TSRI) | Software Engineer A part of a small team developed a RESTful -API that handles resource -intensive tasks by pushing tasks to machine learning node(s ) intelligently and adequately scale depending on the load.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 38

“What I cannot create, I do not understand.” - Richard P. FeynmanFull Stack Developer | 5 years experience | English, Hindi, BurmeseThida – Thida Tun A passionate software engineer with a proven track record of delivering high -quality software solutions. Dedicated to skill enhancement and contributing to impactful projects through clean code and robust architecture. Team -oriented, with expertise in backend development and DevOps practices. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java, JavaSE , JavaEE , Spring •Angular •PostgreSQL, MySQL, DynamoDB, Redis Cache •Git, GitHub environment •AWS •Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform •Jenkins, ArgoCD •GitHub Advanced Security •GitHub Actions •CKA: Certified Kubernetes Administrator •AWS Certified Developer •Allianz Pinnacle Award for Best Team Player •Fundamental Information Technology Examination •Information Technology Passport Examination •Bachelor of Computer Science, Software EngineeringCERTIFICATION & TALKSAllianz Technology, Thailand | Software Engineer (Sep 2020 -July 2024) Migrated legacy systems to a modern Java -based microservices architecture using Spring Boot, significantly reducing bugs and enh ancing performance for multinational clients in the automotive industry. Integrated Kafka to improve message processing efficiency. Biziolab , Singapore | Software Engineer (Aug 2020 -Aug 2022) Led the Passenger Information System project for the Singapore Land Transport Authority as scrum master for a team of 7, cont ributed to backend development and AWS cloud environment setups. Axon Active, Vietnam | Software Engineer (June 2018 -June 2020 ) Developed the Emarketplace application for the Switzerland energy market using microservice architecture, enabling energy trading between customers and suppliers.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 39


---

## Page 40

on Mo Dan Earth App Prime Pak Gun Nat Ern MaiTent Neung

---

## Page 41

“People do not decide to become extraordinary. They decide to accomplish extraordinary things” - Edmund HillaryNon is a software engineer who is passionate about finding solutions to problems through algorithm and code. Through his care er, he has also developed a large base of soft skills, allowing him to create great relationships with customers and helping diff erent parties achieve their goal and deliver great products. Non - Vachara SUWANSOPHON Technical Lead | 14 years experience | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java / Go / C# •NodeJS, TypeScript •React JS / VueJS •React Native / Flutter •SQL, MongoDB •Docker / Microservices / Kubernetes •Google Cloud / AWS / Azure / Firebase •Data Science, Machine Learning •Craftsmanship (TDD, BDD) •K2 business & technical certification •Bachelors of Business Administration, Thammasat University •MSc Data Science, National Development Administration (NIDA) •ICAgile Fundamental •Flutter Meetup BKK#1 – 2022CERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Mobile Hive Master ( 2021 – present) •The 1 Central – Loyalty App | Technical Lead Led a mobile development from scratch within a team of 15 developers using Flutter and Kotlin Spring Boot. And worked with vario us internal/external systems and infrastructures for a smooth, 0 bug production releases. •AIA Thailand – AIA+ | Technical Lead Led mobile development within a team of 16 to develop a new Superapp for the Thai market using Java Spring Boot, React Native fo r Android and iOSand Kubernetes for deployment. The app combines claims, policy overview and life improvement advice all -in-one. Think Algo, Thailand | CTO (2017 - 2021) Project management. Providing Application and Data architecture solutions. Overseeing operations and technical teams. CrossingSoft , Thailand | Technical lead (2011 - 2017) Developed K2 solutions and business processes. Lead different teams on web application architecture and development. Innoviz Solutions, Thailand | Assistant Technical Consultant (2009 - 2011) Help the development team as a consultant on Microsoft Dynamics AX and K2 [ blackpearl ] solutions and web developments.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 42

“The only way to do great work is to love what you do.” – Steve JobsApp has a lot of experience in game and software development. He loves to build software with various technologies. Always lo oking for new challenges to improve himself. Listen to diversity of thoughts with an open mind. He’s willing to help everyone to achieve their goals. App - Akkapon SOMJAI Technical Lead | 15 years experience | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •C# / Java / Python •React Native / Flutter •Node JS / ReactJS / TypeScript •Docker / Jenkins / Netlify •PHP / Zend Framework / Locust •Cypress / Selenium / Detox •Couchbase / MySQL / Contentful •DevOps / Github Copilot •Unity Engine •Bachelor of Computer Engineering (Honors), Prince of Songkhla University •ICAgile Fundamental •Github Copilot Certificate •Unity Essential Certificate •Unity Junior Programming Certificate •Unity Mobile AR Development Certificate •Flutter Instructor at KMITL UniversityCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Technical Lead ( September 2021 – present) •AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Squad Lead Full-stack development of the premiere customer -facing superapp for the China, Macau, and Hong Kong market with React Native mobile app and Java BFF, which presents a full recreation and significant expansion on the past (Thailand) project. Leading a team respo nsible for all features related to one pillar (BU) of AIA. •CIX Project SG | Senior Software Developer Full-stack development of index pricing and marketplace feature for CIX platform with ReactJS web app and Java Spring Boot backe nd. •AIA Thailand – AIA+ | Senior Software Developer For Asia's life insurance leader, part of team of 16 to develop a new super app for the Thai market using Java Spring Boot , Rea ct Native for Android and iOSand Kubernetes for deployment. The app combines claims, policy overview and life improvement advice all -in-one. Prepare and organize the sprint planning with scrum master and BAs. Wild Sky Media, Thailand | Engineering Team Leader (January 2020 — August 2021) Lead a team to develop Mom.com, Mamaslatinas , LittleThings , and Cafemom websites with ReactJS. Clarify requirements and technical specs for each task with stakeholders in the US. RockYou , Thailand | Senior Backend Engineer (February 2017 — December 2019) Developed centralized services such as social network framework service, Facebook payment integration service, GDPR APIs to m anage user consent data, and analytics service for RockYou games (City Girl, Bakery Blitz, Gardens of Time and so) with PHP and ASP.NET (C#). Built a REST API to render a social post as an image for the Fanbread website with Spring Boot framework. Silicon Studio, Thailand | Software Engineer (May 2015 — December 2016) Developed Final Fantasy IX remastered version with Unity Engine. Implemented EXR exporting feature and VR prototype for Mizuchi Engine with C++.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 43

“If you think education is expensive, try estimating the cost of ignorance.” -Howard GardnerTechnical Lead | 12 years experience | English, ThaiNeung Viriyadamrongkij Neung has developed mobile and web applications in many domains including ERP (QC, Handover and Inspection system), IoT, Insurance, and CMS. He has experience with React, ReactNative , Angular, and Spring Boot. He also has experience designing UI/UX for mobile and web applications. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java, Spring (MVC, Boot, Security, JPA) •React Native •ReactJS ( NextJS ),TypeScript •PostgreSQL, MySQL •GitHub Action, Docker, Jenkins •AWS (Lambda, Cloud Watch, S3, SNS, SQS, Connect, Lex, Poly) •UI/UX DesignPALO IT Thailand | Technical Lead (June 2022 - Present) AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Squad Lead Full-stack development of the premiere customer -facing superapp for the SEA life insurance market leader with React Native mobil e app and Java BFF, which presents a full recreation and significant expansion on the past (Thailand) project. Leading a team respo nsible for all features related to one pillar (BU) of AIA Allianz Technology Thailand | Technical Lead (July 2020 – February2023) Design and develop new features in part of mobile and web applications for accident assignment case dispatch system to suppor t the working process of Allianz Partner. Lead high -level design in mobile and front -end topics. Review code and coach team of 14 developers to improve both technical and soft skills. Smart Shift Solution | Senior Software Engineer (December 2015 – July 2020) Design and Develop a fix service module for engineers and customers a website and a mobile application to manage the schedule to service customers, release work orders, manage fix item status, and evaluate contractors. Design UI for website and mobile and training users.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES •MSc. Software Engineering, Chulalongkorn University •BSc. Computer Science, Bansomdejchaopraya Rajabhat University •Measuring difficulty levels of JavaScript questions in Question -Answer Community based on concept hierarchy (IEEE 2017) •AWS Certified Developer – Associate •GitHub Actions Certified •ICAgile FundamentalCERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 44

“Life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get” - Forrest GumpFull Stack Developer | 5 years experience | English, Thai Pak is a developer passionate about technology. His software experience ranges across a variety of industries including finan cial, insurance and e -commerce. He loves a challenge, and his motto is “I don't care how hard is it, I will complete it " Pak - Narathip WONGWANNALOP EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Flutter, React Native •React JS, Vue JS •Python ( FastAPI , Django) •NodeJS, Java •DynamoDB, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL, RDS •Docker, Microservices •Elastic Search, AppSync •AWS (Lambda, SNS, Amplify, Cloud Watch) Chatbot Development •Bachelor of Business Administrator at King Mongkut’s University of Technology North Bangkok University •ICAgile FundamentalCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Software Developer ( April 2022 – present) •AIA Thailand – AIA One | Software Developer Development on an all -in-one Agent super app for the leading Thai Life insurance company, with Java microservices and a React Na tive modular frontend design. N-Squared eCommerce, Thailand | Developer (June 2021 – April 2022) Developed Chatbot system. Leading group of part -time/junior frontend developers. Think Algo, Thailand | Developer (April 2019 – May 2021) Being in Business such as Financial, Health care insurance and PDPA. Be a part of team to develop ERP and CRM system. Business Innovation Solutions, Thailand | Developer (July 2018 - March2019) Developed ATM Monitoring System which is help the bank can make sound decision if there is something wrong with ATM machines or immediately refund cash to customer. Related Digital, Turkey | Frontend Developer (July 2017 - November 2017) Develop Omni Channel platform.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 45

“Do or do not, there is no try.” – Master YodaPrime - Prompiriya DAROTE Prime is a result -driven software developer who develops both software products and his own skillset from marching into doing it . He is committed to his self -learning aspect — to improve, one must fail. Anyone can achieve their prime. As a developer, he adopts these believes into the development to deliver best possible products he can offer. Full Stack Developer | 6 years experience | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java (Spring Boot) •Python •React Native (Typescript), Flutter •ReactJS •SQL, NoSQL •Docker, Kubernetes •Junit, Detox, Cucumber, Appium •Apache Kafka •Reactive, Hystrix /Open Feign •ELK Stack •Git, Jenkins, AWS, Azure •Bachelor Degree of Science in Information and Communication Technology (Majoring Computer Science) at Mahidol University. •ICAgile Fundamental (ICP)CERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Software Developer (November 2021 – present) • AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Software Developer Full-stack development of the premiere customer -facing superapp for the SEA life insurance market leader with React Native mobile app and Java BFF. Presenting a full recreation and significant expansion on the past (Thailand) project. • Climate Impact Exchange (Singapore) | Developer Part of a team of 50 developing a Carbon Exchange Market place for Singapore using React to develop trading platform. • AIA Thailand – AIA+ | Software Developer For Asia's life insurance leader, part of team of 16 to develop a new Superapp for the Thai market using Java Spring Boot, React Native for Android and iOSand Kubernetes for deployment. The app combines claims, policy overview and life improvement advice all -in-one. Ascend Commerce, Thailand | Intermediate Java Developer (March 2020 – November 2021) Designed and developed Payment system as a RESTful microservice that serves as a core system in CP group's e -commerce platform u sing Netflix OSS stack including AWS, Spring Cloud, ELK stack. SS&C Technologies | Junior Developer (June 2018 – March 2020) Development and maintenance of a SOAP web -service product (on WebMethod ) for United Kingdom's stock/trust fund trading systems.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 46

“It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop..” - ConfuciusBorn with a passion for innovation, Mo is a software developer who help teams deliver quality and customer centered product. Open minded and sharing driven, he values himself with connecting people and building communities around new technologies. Mo - Krisada VIVEK Full Stack Developer | 8 years experience | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Android (Java, Kotlin) •iOS (Objective -C, Swift) •Flutter, Dart •NodeJS, JavaScript •Appium, Cucumber •Training & Facilitation •Embedded Electronics, Circuit Design •Bachelor of Computer Science, Thammasat University •Thailand Flutter Developer, Community Manager •Google I/O extended BKK 2018, •Google I/O extended BKK 2019 •Flutter Dev Day 2018 •Flutter Meetup BKK#1 – 2022 •ICAgile FundamentalCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Software Developer ( January 2020 – present) •Krungsri Thailand – KEPT Digital Wallet | Software Developer Consulted, implemented and standardized a new version of mobile savings application with Flutter and automate testing. •Krungsri Auto – CARS4CASH | Software Developer Among a team of 9, participated in the development of a mobile using customer centric methodology to create quality product t hrough agile process for a car loan market leader. Deeple Thailand | Software Engineer (March 2019 - September 2019) Among a team of 10 that was developing Chatbot for ecommerce solutions. Using React, NodeJS, GraphQL based on LINE Messaging API. LINE Corporation Thailand | Software Engineer (August 2016 - November 2018 ) Among a team of 2 Developing an internal systems using Ruby on Rails and hardware development using Arduino and ARM based app lication, TH Embedded System Team.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 47

“Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself” – George Bernard ShawDan has a balanced skillset that allows effective collaboration with teams and clients. Passionate about learning new skills relevant to the project and keeps himself updated with the latest technology trends and improvements. Dan Jefferson ZAPANTA Full Stack Developer | 9 years experience | English, Filipino EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java (Spring Boot) •Angular, React JS (NextJS) •React Native, Flutter (TypeScript) •NodeJS (Express / Nest JS) •SQL / NoSQL •Detox, Cucumber, Gherkin •Bachelor Degree in Electronics and Communications Engineering – Bulacan State University, Philippines •ICAgile Fundamental (ICP)CERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Senior Software Developer ( July 2021 – present) •AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Software Developer Full-stack development of the premiere customer -facing superapp for the SEA life insurance market leader with React Native mobil e app and Java BFF, which presents a full recreation and significant expansion on the past (Thailand) project. •PALO Flutter Bootcamp Internal training program by some of our Flutter industry experts including presentation training, coaching and hands -on softwar e implementation. •AIA Thailand – AIA+ | Software Developer For Asia's life insurance leader, part of team of 16 to develop a new super app for the Thai market using Java Spring Boot , Rea ct Native for Android and iOSand Kubernetes for deployment. The app combines claims, policy overview and life improvement advice all -in-one. Allianz Technology, Thailand | Senior Front -end Developer (March 2019 - July 2021) Developed applications for Insurance Portals using Typescript - Angular and Java - Spring Framework. Pointwest Innovations Corporation, Philippines | Software Engineer (November 2015 - December 2018) Developed applications for Health Care Systems using a range of technologies such as Typescript - Angular, PHP - Code Igniter, J ava - Spring FrameworkLAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 48

“We’ve always defined ourselves by the ability to overcome the impossible.”Full Stack Developer | 3 years experience | English, ThaiEarth - Natthanun PUNTANEE Passionate in the latest tech stacks with a background in designing and scaling high -demand web services. Earth can provide the solution and help clients succeed in their goals. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •React Native •NodeJS, TypeScript •Java (Spring Boot) •Docker / K8s+ Microservices Architecture •PostgreSQL •Robot Framework / Selenium •Detox, Cucumber, Gherkin •GCP / AWS •BSc in Computer Science, King Mongkut University of Technology Thonburi •ICAgile FundamentalCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Software Developer ( September 2021 – present) •AIA Thailand – AIA+ | Software Developer For Asia's life insurance leader, part of team of 16 to develop a new super app for the Thai market using Java Spring Boot , Rea ct Native for Android and iOSand Kubernetes for deployment. The app combines claims, policy overview and life improvement advice all -in-one. Sertis Thailand | Junior Software Engineer (November 2019 – August 2021) Designed and developed large -scale projects for clients such as e -KYC and 7 -11 Chat Gateway with a performance and business in m ind Refinitiv, Thailand | Associate Software Engineer (February 2019 – September 2019) Developed, integrated, and maintained Elektron Tick History web services.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 49

“Your focus determines your reality.” – Qui-Gon-JinnGun is a Full stack Developer who is passionate with developing websites with frontend specialist skills. Having the experien ce to develop many platforms -based projects, he has always been challenging to learn something new. Gun KIMSONG Full Stack Developer | 8 years experiences | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java •React Native •Flutter •NodeJS / VueJS / NuxtJS / Express •Bootstrap / Tailwind / Material UI / Vuetify •Jest / Puppeteer •WordPress Specialist •Docker •Jenkins / GitLab CI/CD •Google Cloud Platform / Firebase •Bachelor Degree in Information and Communication Engineer – Mahanakorn University of Technology (MUT) •ICAgile FundamentalCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Software Developer ( February 2022 – present) •BAY (Krungsri Bank) - Biz-MungMee , MungMee -Shop | Software Developer - Redeveloping the QR -Merchant portal by consolidating two native applications into a single unified platform using Flutter. - Merging two applications into one with Flutter •AIA Thailand – AIA One | Software Developer Development on an all -in-one Agent super app for the leading Thai Life insurance company, with Java microservices and a React Native modular frontend design. Tesco Lotus, Thailand | Full stack Developer (February 2021 - February 2022) Develop an In -House web application , backend system for creating communication between POS Machine and eCommerce platform and n ew online lotus's website. Think Algo, Thailand | Developer (November 2017 - February 2021) Responsibility to develop a financial, retirement planning website and CRM website to manage Healthcare Insurance Claim The Wealth Space, Thailand | Full stack Developer (November 2016 - June 2017) Develop Ticketing platform with problem solves by conferring with clients and optimize code and application for maximum speed and scalability WE team, Thailand| Full stack Developer (November 2014 - November 2016) Defines problem by conferring with clients and evaluating procedures and processes and Develop a website or system CUSTOM MAD E for each clientLAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 50

“A person who never made any mistake never tried anything new” - Albert EinsteinErn is a software engineer who loves innovation and always improves herself for making new things. She'll find a solution to develop satisfying products for users. Ern - Kullapat SOMMANUS Full Stack Developer | 8 years experience | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Python •NodeJS ( NextJS ) / Vue ( NuxtJS ), •ReactJS, TypeScript •React Native, Flutter •PHP ( laravel ) •MySQL •Detox, Cucumber, Appium •Bitbucket / Github •BSc. Computer Science, King Mongkut Institute of Technology (Honors) •ICAgile Certified ProfessionalCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (October 2021 - Present) •AIA HK&TH – AIA+ TH | Software Developer Full-stack development of a super app for the life insurance market leader for Thai customer market using Java, Spring Boot and React Native for Android and iOS. •Climate Impact Exchange (Singapore) | Developer Part of a team of 50 developing a Carbon Exchange Market place for Singapore using React to develop trading platform. •AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Software Developer Full-stack development of the premiere customer -facing superapp for the SEA life insurance market leader with React Native mobile app and Java BFF, which presents a full recreation and significant expansion on the past (Thailand) project. CJ WORX | Full Stack developer (May 2017 – September 2021) Develop and build a web application for vendor's campaign, e -commerce system and API. Counter Service Limited | Innovation Exclusive (June 2016 - April 2017) Development and improve internal system for using in 7 -11 convenience store.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 51

“Just because it difficult, that doesn’t mean it forever be difficult.”Full Stack Developer | 5 years experience | English, ThaiMai - Ronnapat Buranakate Mai is extremely motivated to develop his software development skills and grow professionally. His goal is to make products t hat make an impact and help make the world better. PALO IT Thailand | Software Developer (August 2022 – Present) •AIA Hongkong – AIA+ App | Software Developer •The1 Thailand – The1 App | Software Developer Skilllane | Software Engineer (June 2021 – July 2022) Developed, integrated and maintained CPD (Online renewal license for insurance and investment license) product. Nipa Technology| Scrum Master (January 2021 – May 2021) Facilitator in developer teams Nipa Technology| Full stack Developer (June 2019 – December 2020) Developed, integrated, and maintained Nipa Cloud product and Nipa marketing automation platformEXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Flutter •NodeJS •Kotlin •ReactJS, TypeScript •Detox, Cucumber, Flutter Driver •MongoDB •Bitbucket, GitHub, GitLab •Google Cloud Platform (GCP)LAST KEY EXPERIENCES •BSc in Computer Engineering, King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi •Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure •ICAgile Certified Professional CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 52

“ Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.” - Simone de BeauvoirFull Stack Developer | 5 years experience | English, ThaiNat – Manatsawi SUTLAEO Nat is a software developer, He is passionate about frontend technologies to deliver quality software to clients, He always s eeks challenges and ways to improve himself both soft skills and hard skills, He also values teamwork and communication as key fac tors for successful projects. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Flutter / React -Native •React / Vue, (JavaScript / TypeScript) •Spring Boot (Kotlin / Java) •SQL •Gitlab CI/CD •Docker •Cucumber, Gherkin •GitHub, GitLab •Bachelor of Science in Information Communication and Technology, Sripatum UniversityCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Software Developer ( July 2023 – present) •AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Software Developer Full-stack development of the premiere customer -facing superapp for the SEA life insurance market leader with React Native mobil e app and Java BFF, which presents a full recreation and significant expansion on the past (Thailand) project. Central JD Fintech, Thailand | Software Engineer (April 2022 – April 2023) Maintained an e -wallet mobile application and developed a web application for e -tickets and e -gift cards service. Developed a Flutter mobile application and backend service for a loyalty program system. DPlus Intertrade, Thailand | Senior Mobile Application Developer ( May 2020 – April 2022) Designed, developed, and maintained a mobile application for an installment sale system on both Android and iOS platforms. Developed and maintained a website with a large user base for job search system. Tyche, Thailand | Mobile Application Developer (April 2018 – February 2019) Designed, developed, and maintained mobile application for CRM system on both Android and iOS platforms.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 53

”There is no more profitable than investing in yourself” –Roy T.BennettFull Stack Developer | 7 years experience | English, ThaiTent – Teerawat Saleekham Tent is a software developer who started his career as full -stack developer and became interested in mobile application developm ent. He always challenge himself and try new technologies. PALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (September 2023 – Present) Di-Sales from Bank of Ayudhya | Software Developer Revamping the Di -Sales application from a Xamarin legacy system to a Flutter -based platform for iOS and Android. The application supports sales, staff, and management functions within the loan origination process. My role provides development, maintenance of CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins, and implementation of end-to-end testing to enhance application quality with BDD approach. Aillio | Software Engineer (March 2021 – August 2023) Develop an internal PC application and website, for the app use Electron JS as a framework to build to an application and ins ide of that they useVue JS and Node JS plus firebase and elasticsearch . Moveplus | Software Engineer (September 2017 – February 2021) Develop websites and mobile applications for clients. Work with React as a front -end and ruby on rails plus elastic search as a back -end. For mobile applications use React Native.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Flutter •Vue JS •React JS •Firebase •Elasticsearch •SQL / NoSQL •Ruby on rails •Ant Design, Material UI •Headless UI & Tailwind CSS •Unit tests & end to end tests •BSc. Computer Science, Silpakorn UniversityCERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 54

”Either you run the day or the day runs you”Full Stack Developer | 4 years experience | English, ThaiRyu – Natthapat Thanahirunsit Ryu is a highly productive and energetic software developer with a strong preference and extensive experience in backend deve lopment. He consistently rises to challenges with enthusiasm and determination, delivering robust and efficient solutions PALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (June 2024 – Present) Bedee Powered by BDMS| Software Engineer (January 2024 – May 2024) Implemented observability and monitoring with Elastic, performed SRE tasks including performance testing and pipeline impleme ntation, developed APIs for e -commerce and tele -consultation, maintained over 19 microservices, integrated payment gateways and SSO, crea ted shared logging libraries for NPM, and supported production issues. Dplus Intertrade Co., Ltd | Backend Developer (June 2021 – May 2022) Oversaw backend development using Node.js, managed data integration processes (ETL), designed NoSQL schemas with MongoDB, and developed advanced search functionality using MongoDB Atlas Search. OneStockHome Co., Ltd |Full Stack Developer (June 2019 – August 2019) Developed building materials website and more using React.js, HTML, CSS, and jQuery. Designed RDBMS and implemented backend u sing Ruby on Rails.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY • React.js • TypeScript • JavaScript •NestJS • Node.js • Ruby on Rails • SQL / NoSQL • Redis • Apache Kafka • Elasticsearch • Firebase • K6 Load Testing • Jest Unit Testing • Bitbucket / Github / Gitlab •BSc. Computer Engineering, Sirindhorn International Institute of Technology, Thammasat UniversityCERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 55


---

## Page 56

ut Bonus Tum Fame Day Tee

---

## Page 57

“It’s not about ideas. It’s about making ideas happen.” –Scott BelskyTechnical Lead | 20 years experience | English, FrenchCedric LARUELLE Cedric is a serial CTO and entrepreneur. He is passionate about optimizing the business value a technical team can bring. He strongly believes in focus and continuous team improvement and enhancement. PALO IT Thailand | Technical Expert (August 2020 – Present) •BAY – KEPT |Technical Lead Led a team to rebuild the frontend app of KEPT digital wallet NUMA Mentors | CTO (January 2019 -May 2020) Launched a new software activity in NUMA called NUMA Mentors. Defined product vision, product architecture, setup the tech team, launched the product. Plato | CTO (June 2016 - October 2018) Built the product and the technical team from scratch and defined the tech culture and processes. UniqueSound | CTO & Cofounder (August 2014 - June 2016) Defined and built the product, defined the Sales processes and tooled them. Alvarum | CTO (February 2008 - August 2012) Built the product from scratch, using Lean methodology and setup the technical teamLAST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY • Agile (Scrum / Kanban) • Leadership and Technical Lead • Craftsmanship (TDD, BDD) • Lean Software Development • Product Management • Team organisation • Mentoring • Spring, JavaEE Architecture • Flutter •Masters in Computer Science (ENST Paris)CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 58

“Keep it simple”Full Stack Developer | 8 years experience | English, ThaiTum - Nirawit JANTAPHA Tum is a software engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. He is skilled in backend, a wide variety of frontend frameworks and database technologies. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java (Spring Boot) •Flutter, Ionic •ReactJS, Angular, TypeScript •NodeJS (Express, Strapi , NextJS ) •MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB •Firebase •Jenkins, GitHub •Docker, KubernetesPALO IT Thailand | Software Developer (June 2022 – present) •Krungsri Bank - Biz-MungMee , MungMee -Shop | Software Developer - Redeveloping the QR -Merchant portal by consolidating separate Android and iOS native applications into a cross -platform app us ing Flutter. - Merged two separate business applications into the new flutter QR Merchant app, which makes it easier to operate, update and maintain •AIA Thailand – AIA One | Software Developer Development on an all -in-one Agent super app for the leading Thai Life insurance company, with Java Spring Boot microservices an d a React Native modular frontend design, end -to-end automated regression testing with Appium, CI/CD using Jenkins. I AM Consulting | Software Development Consultant (April 2020 – April 2022) HR Cloud Solutions provided solutions for resolving a wide variety of HR problems. Aware Group| Full Stack Developer & Java Developer (January 2016 – March 2020) Back – Office software for activate, purchase package, and terminate sim card. Trading transaction of products and services in T hailand. Enhanced the business flow from identifying prospect, issuing invoices, receipts and booking financial transactionsLAST KEY EXPERIENCES •Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Maejo University •ICAgile Certified Professional CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 59

“If you do what you love, you’ll never work a day in your life” – Mark AnthonyNut is a highly experienced software engineer with a strong commitment to delivering top quality software. He has notable ful l stack experience and can write backend code and queries but likes to stay close to the immediate value delivery and user -centricity working in mobile or web frontends provides. He also enjoys helping and collaborating with other team members to create the strongest possible team. Nut CHANYONG Full Stack Developer | 15 years experience | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Flutter, React Native •NodeJS (Express, NestJS ) •ReactJS (NextJS) •EmberJS •PHP (Symfony, Laravel , CodeIgniter) •Docker, Docker Compose, Kubernetes •PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB •Test framework (Cypress, Flutter driver) •Craftmanship (TDD, BDD) •Bachelor of Engineering, Kasetsart University •Zend Certified Engineer •ICAgile Certified ProfessionalCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Senior Software Developer ( October 2021 – present) •Krungsri – KEPT Digital Wallet | Senior Developer Consulted, implemented and standardized a new version of the KEPT mobile wallet and saving application using Flutter and test automation. Also provided technical trainings, coaching and knowledge transfer for the whole team. Mindnovate | Senior Full Stack developer (November 2019 – September 2021) Developed mobile & web applications such as StarfishLabz , StarfishClass , and DoctorFriend . Helped the team on the web frontend, API and main mobile development using Flutter. Shophil | Senior Full Stack developer (August 2015 - October 2019) Led mobile & web application development on Shophil , Shophil Fulfilment, and Shophil Live. Provided best practices to his teammates, code reviews and helped teammates in problem solving and issue resolution. Monoloop | Senior Full Stack developer (August 2008 - August 2015) Led a team of Vietnamese & Pakistani developers while developing the MonoLoop platform using MERN stack. Jasmine Telecom Systems PCL | Software Engineer (May 2006 - August 2008) Worked in Jasmine’s IT department to develop in -house Payphone Integration and Shareholder’s Meeting applications.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 60

“Turn your wounds into wisdom.” - Oprah WinfreyFull Stack Developer | 7 years experience | English, ThaiTee - Thanadetch LERTWUTHIKARN Tee has worked as a full -stack developer for over 7 years. Have many years of experience in building web applications. Effective ly self-manage during independent projects as well as collaborate in a team setting and have a passion for improving myself and learning new technology to make the projects more efficient and more productive. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java (Spring Boot) •ReactJS ( NextJS ), Angular, TypeScript •ReactNative , Ionic, Flutter •NodeJS (Express, NestJS , Strapi ) •MySQL, MariaDB, Oracle, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Firebase •Jenkins, GitHub Action •Docker, Kubernetes •GCP, Digital Ocean, AWS •Cypress, Appium, DetoxPALO IT Thailand | Software Developer (June 2022 – present) •AIA Hong Kong –AIA+ | Software Developer Full stack development of the premiere customer -facing super app for the SEA life insurance market leader with React Native mobi le app and Java BFF. •PALO Singapore - DFS | Software Developer Development and enhancement of this prestigious affiliate system enable affiliates and agents to direct customers to the store, accuratel y calculate commissions, and receive compensation for customer purchases. •PALO Flutter Bootcamp Internal training program by some of our Flutter industry experts including presentation training, coaching and hands -on softwar e project implementation. •Thailand Can - Thailand Clean Air | Software Developer Development and enhancement of the web application's performance aim to improve functionality and loading speed. This project supports sustainability efforts related to PM2.5 and pollution awareness, encouraging user engagement with pollution laws via website registration. •Nikanti – Booking Golf Course Online | software Developer Development and enhancement of this prestigious golf course’s online booking system which allows players and agents to purcha se and schedule tee times, and staff to administrate the bookings. •AIA Thailand – AIA One | Software Developer Development on an all -in-one Agent super app for the leading Thai Life insurance company, with Java Spring Boot microservices an d a React Native modular frontend design, end -to-end automated regression testing with Appium, CI/CD using Jenkins. Tree Roots Entertainment Group | Software Engineer (July 2021 – May 2022) Developed and maintained The SMO Application (Streaming Concert Application), overseeing comprehensive front -end and back -end development, database integration, container management, and CI/CD pipeline implementation for deployment on GCP and DigitalOcean . CDG Group Thailand | Full Stack developer (July 2017 – May 2021) Developed and maintained government web applications, handling both front -end and back -end aspects, and implemented CI/CD pipeli nes for efficient development.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES •BSc. Computer Science, Rajamangala University of Technology •ICAgile Certified Professional •Oracle Certified Associate, Java SE 8 ProgrammerCERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 61

”Be whatever you want”Full Stack Developer | 3 Years Experience | English, ThaiDay – Nutthawut Korkedbun I'm a young and passionate individual deeply committed to development; I am dedicated to advancing in the field and bring a f resh perspective and boundless enthusiasm to every project. PALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (Aug 2023 - Current) •The1 Central Thailand - Gamification| Software Developer Full-stack development of micro -services for a digital lifestyle and loyalty platform (The1) of Central mall to develop automa tion processes and improve customer engagement using Kotlin Spring Boot WebFlux (Reactive programming) and Kafka with event -driven architecture. Ascend NANO | Software Engineer (Oct 2023 – Aug 2023) Acted as software engineer to develop and maintain lending money platform system on Kubernetes cluster and ensure the quality of system with the Robot framework and Mockito for automation testing and JMeter for performance testing. PLUS IT Solutions | Analyst Software Developer (June 2021 – Sep 2022) Help in requirement gathering, design architecture, develop microservices and implement infrastructure to meet the client's r equirement. Mainly using Java, Spring Boot, AWS, Docker etc.LAST EST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java, Kotlin •Spring boot & Spring boot WebFlux •MySQL, Elasticsearch •Kibana •Jenkins •AWS: CloudFormation, EC2, S3, RDS, VPC, Route53, SQS, SNS, Load balancer •Docker, Kubernetes •Terraform •Robot Framework, JMeter, Junit •BSc in Computer Engineering, King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi •ICAgile Fundamental •AWS Certified Developer Associate (DVA -C02)CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 62

“All things are difficult before they are easy.” ― Thomas FullerFull Stack Developer | 4 years experience | English, ThaiBonus - Jatupat TONGMAK Bonus is a software developer who started her career as a frontend developer and became interested in full -stack development. Sh e has experiences in developing and maintaining e -commerce web applications. Always improving skills and delivering great quality products are her goals. PALO IT Thailand | Software Developer (April 2022 – present) •AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Software Developer Full stack development of the premiere customer -facing super app for the SEA life insurance market leader with React Native mobi le app and Java Spring Boot microservices which presents a full recreation and significant expansion on the past (Thailand) project. •AIA Thailand – AIA One | Software Developer Development on an all -in-one Agent super app for the leading Thai Life insurance company, with Java Spring Boot microservices an d a React Native modular frontend design, end -to-end automated regression testing with Appium, CI/CD using Jenkins. Siam Cement Group (SCG) | Technology Developer (June 2020 – April 2022) Developed e -commerce web applications for wholesale businesses in Thailand and neighboring countries using Nuxt.JSEXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java (Spring Boot), •Vue ( NuxtJS ), TypeScript •React Native •Flutter •Node JS (Express) •MySQL, MongoDB •Appium, Jest •JenkinsLAST KEY EXPERIENCES •BSc. Computer Science, King Mongkut University of Technology Thonburi •ICAgile Certified Professional CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 63


---

## Page 64

li Nat Peter Tak Top Sun Toei P

---

## Page 65

halilNight Jack Hon Art Dan Paco Bomb

---

## Page 66

“If the mountain was smooth, you would not climb it” - Wintley PhippsWith a passion for technology and an extensive and proven track record in Architecture, DevOps and the Java ecosystem, Ali ha s successfully developed robust solutions for some of the largest banks and open -source companies leading to streamlined processes and improved operations. Alioune Badara KONE Engagement Lead / Technical Lead| 11 years experience | French, English, Bambara EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java (Spring: MVC, Boot, Security, JPA) •Flutter, React Native •ReactJS •MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL •Jenkins, Docker, Rancher •Kafka, Grafana, ELK stack •AWS •Saml2, Oauth2 •MSc, ETNA (Paris) •ICAgile Certified Professional (ICP) •Lean & Lunch Session: “How to work with Saml2 and OAuth2 protocols via an open source identity provider” •Architecture & Application DevelopmentCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Tech Hive Master ( January 2020 – present) •AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Technical Lead / Delivery Lead Set up AIA+ HK technical environments and process, lead a team of 30 developers to deliver the application, managing stakeholder s, expectations and also different key parties and teams involved in the project. AIA HK+TH – AIA+ TH - AIA GROUP | Engagement Lead Lead a full stack team of 15 developers, for AIA+ Thailand, to create and deliver the mobile super App regrouping 3 major applic ations with React Native and Java Spring Boot and Azure •Krungsri Auto – Cars4Cash | Technical Lead Led a development team of 12 to create and deliver a digital lending mobile application with Flutter and Java serverless APIs deployed on AWS lambda. PALO IT Hong Kong | Full Stack Lead (July 2018 - December 2019) •FULCRUM GLOBAL | Technical Lead For a property promotion real estate leader, drove a development team to create and deliver a web application inventory syste m and integrate with an accounting system. •BNP Paribas HK – BNP Asset Manager | Full Stack Developer For BNPP Asset Manager, developed a microservices -based platform to share trading data, with the latest tools in the Java ecosys tem. PALO IT France | DevOps (Feb 2018 - Apr 2018) •BNP Paribas Paris | Full Stack Developer For BNP IT department, led on -premise setup and integration of a system & server monitoring application, giving the support team better visibility on their platform’s logs and health.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 67

“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing” - Walt DisneyNat Umnuayponwiwat Nat is a software engineer who has experience in building quality software. As an agile practitioner, he believes that commun ication is key in team collaborations. Open minded and eager to learn, Nat embraces new challenges and sees them as ways to grow and polish his craft. Full Stack Developer | 9 years experience | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Full stack Agile web development •API creation and design •Database modeling •Craftmanship (TDD,BDD) •Node, React, Angular, JavaScript, TypeScript, React native •JAVA •C++ •VB, Python, Swift •Chulalongkorn University •Kaizen Award (2nd place) – TT Network •Customer First – ConvoLab •Extra miles – Convolab •ICAgile Certified Professional (ICP)CERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Software Developer (November 2020 - Present) •SGInnovate - Deep Tech Central Singapore| Senior Software Developer Developed a robust job board application for government -owned entity, SGInnovate , with 10+ developers using Next.Js & Nest.Js . Helping the client establish a marketplace for deep -tech talents •AIA HK&TH – AIA+ Thailand | Software Developer Part of full stack team of 15+ developers, for AIA+ Thailand, to create and deliver the mobile super App by combining 3 major applications with React Native and Java Spring Boot and Azure •Nikanti Golf Club Thailand | Software Developer Developed the booking engine responsive application using React & serverless java APIand serverless architecture to replace the legacy backend software. Refinitiv Thailand | Software Developer (2019 - October 2020) Developed a financial -related app within a multinational environment. Collaborated with product and project managers on features and timelines as well as back -end teams to align the app functionalities and QA team on quality KPIs while ensuring intra -team communication. ConvoLab Thailand | Software Developer (2018 - 2019) Acted as a customer -facing role, made sure of customer satisfaction and acted also as a software developer on a chatbot platform using Node and React. The platform is used to create custom chatbot for customers.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 68

“Whatever the mind of a man can conceive and believe, it can be achieved” – Napoleon HillTak is a software engineer who has experience in building quality software. As an agile practitioner, he believes that commun ication is key in team collaborations. Open minded and eager to learn. Tak embraces new challenges and sees them as ways to grow and polish his craft. Tak - Watcharapong NONKAMPA Full Stack Developer | 9 years experience | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java (Spring: Boot, Cloud), C# •NodeJS •ReactJS, TypeScript, Angular •React Native •Native Android (Kotlin) •SQL/ NoSQL •AWS •Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins •Junit, Selenium, Robot Framework, JMeter, Detox (WIX) •Bachelor Degree in Information and Technology, Rangsit University •ICAgile Certified Professional (ICP)CERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (May 2021 - Present) •The1 Central Thailand - Gamification| Software Developer •Full-stack development of micro -services for a digital lifestyle and loyalty platform (The1) of Central mall to develop automati on processes and improve customer engagement using Java Spring Boot and Kafka with event -driven architecture. •AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Software Developer Full-stack development of the premiere customer -facing superapp for the SEA life insurance market leader with React Native mobil e app and Java BFF, which presents a full recreation and significant expansion on the past (Thailand) project. •FWD Thailand – One Modularity Project| Software Developer Full-stack development of micro -services for life insurance company to improve performance of legacy system with NestJS and Kafka. •AIA Thailand – AIA+ TH | Software Developer Full-stack development of a super app for the life insurance market leader for Thai customer market using Java, Spring Boot and React Native for Android and iOS. Ascend Nano | Software Engineer (November 2019 – April 2021) Development of microservices using Spring Boot, and implementing gateway using Spring Cloud, and implementing an automated te sting strategy using Robot Framework. Configured Kubernetes for each microservices and deploy on AWS. Monitored services, tested performance , enhanced resources of service and database on AWS. IE solutions | Full Stack Developer (April 2015 - October 2019) Development of websites for clients. Taking care of both frontend using Angular and backend using NodeJS, Spring Boot, C#, Mo ngoDB, MySQL. Configured nginx and docker for deploying websites on cloud service. Also helped coordinate collaboration between the team an d the vendors.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 69

“Just one small positive thought in the morning can change the whole day – Dalai Lama”Top has worked in the IT industry as a software developer for 9 years and has wide experience with various technologies. Duri ng this time, he has experience in Agile coaching as a Scrum Master to keep software developing process and every teammate on the right track. I passionate to do coaching and supporting teammate to reach their goals. Top - Phornthep WITCHAWET Full Stack Developer | 9 years experience | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java (Spring), GoLang •ReactJS •NodeJS •React Native •Flutter •Scrum Master •ICAgile Certified ProfessionalCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (May 2021 - Present) •AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Software Developer Full-stack development of the premiere customer -facing superapp for the SEA life insurance market leader with React Native mobil e app and Java BFF, which presents a full recreation and significant expansion on the past (Thailand) project. •AIA HK&TH – AIA+ TH | Software Developer Full-stack development of a super app for the life insurance market leader for Thai customer market using Java, Spring Boot and React Native for Android and iOS. Ascend Nano | Senior Software Engineer (April 2021 – August 2021) Implement financial web application. Shopee (Thailand) | Front -End Developer (January 2020 – April 2021) Designing and implementing atax invoice web application forfront -end and back -end while coaching Agile and Scrum to the team. Scale360 (Thailand) | Front -End Developer (July 2017 - December 2019) Planning and developing British mobile banking application in iOS and Android platforms. And design and implement REST API for t he banking service. Eastinnovation | Junior Programmer (March 2015 – June 2017) Implement and maintain a GPS fleet tracking web application which gather and visualize data from GPS box touser in Google map.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 70

“With great power comes great responsibility.” – Ben & May ParkerFull Stack Developer | 5 Years of Experience | English, ThaiSun - Sirapol WAREECHUENSUK Sun is passionate software developer. He takes care to ensure that his work is of top quality and the end -users would have the b est experience going through his detailed work. Sun is no stranger to mobile development; he is pursuing an expertise in mobile development. Sun is fluent in cross -platform mobile development, having years of hands -on experience in both Flutter and React Native. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java (Spring Boot) •Flutter •ReactNative •Jest, Appium, Cypress, JaCoCo •Salesforce (Apex, Lightning, Component) •SQL •BSc. Information and Communication Engineering, Chulalongkorn University •ICAgile Certified ProfessionalCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (December 2021 - Present) •AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Software Developer Full-stack development of the premiere customer -facing superapp for the SEA life insurance market leader with React Native mobil e app and Java BFF, which presents a full recreation and significant expansion on the past (Thailand) project. •AIA Thailand – AIA One | Software Developer Development on an all -in-one Agent super app for the leading Thai Life insurance company, with Java microservices and a React Na tive modular frontend design. Accenture | Backend Developer (August 2020 – December 2021) Enhanced Integration Architecture and Automated Business Flow for the CRM System of Malaysia’s top telecom company with Salesfor ce and CloudSense Re-architected Thailand’s first super application with 20 million active users by migrating 10+ microservices from on -premise to on-cloud using Kubernetes and Google Cloud Platform. RELIFNOW | Mobile Developer (July 2019 – December 2021) Built and deployed a total of 4 cross -platform, fully -functioning applications to support 1000+ registered customers, 500+ consu ltants, and 300+ pharmacy all over Thailand and Laos with FlutterLAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 71

Two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. The first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. The second mouse, wouldn't quit. He struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. Gentlemen, as of this moment, I am that second mouse. -Frank Abagnale Sr. Full Stack Developer | 6 years experience | English, Thai Yanyong is an ordinary person who loves technology and believes that technologies can change the world. These are his passio ns, why he love technology, and why he would like to be a software developer. He want to be the one part of people that can build a different thing. Toei - Yanyong Prommajarn EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •React Native •React, Vue ( Vuetify ) •Java (Spring Boot), Python (Django) •NodeJS ( Sequelize ) •MySQL and PostgreSQL •Jenkins, Docker •AWS (EC2, S3) •Bachelor of Engineering – Computer Engineering, King Mongkut’s University of Technology Thonburi •ICAgile Certified ProfessionalCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (February 2022 - Present) •AIA Thailand – AIA One | Software Developer Development on an all -in-one Agent super app for the leading Thai Life insurance company, with Java microservices and a React Na tive modular frontend design. MagTek | Full Stack Developer (December 2019 – December 2021) Architected and implemented the QR code payment service which was intergraded with the payment gateway service of Thailand ba nk (KBTG) Designed and developed the face recognition module in human resource management platform with the face detection API service of Thailand bank (KBTG) YANNIX | Full Stack Developer (January 2019 – November 2019) Architected and developed the attendance, leave, and payroll module for the human resource management platform. Development and maintained the real -time chat in progressive web app (PWA) with WebSocket. ETS @ KMUTT | Full Stack Developer (May 2017 – December 2018) Architected and implemented the assessment activity module in the learning platform of the university for 80,000 student acco unts.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 72

“Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn.” -Benjamin FranklinFull Stack Developer | 3 years experience | English, ThaiP - Satid TACHATANITANONT Pstarted his career doing a web front -end work and got interested in full stack development as he continue down on his journey as a developer. He seeks for new challenges and thrives to learn new set of skills and technologies to become better at what he's doing. When it's come to delivering a product, the quality is his top priority. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java (Spring Boot) •ReactJS ( NextJS ), TypeScript •React Native •Jest, Appium •Firebase •Jenkins •BSc. Information and Communication Engineering, Chulalongkorn University •ICAgile Certified Professional CERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (February 2022 - Present) •AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Software Developer Fullstack development of the premiere customer -facing superapp for the SEA life insurance market leader with React Native mobile app and Java BFF. •AIA Thailand – AIA One | Software Developer Development on an all -in-one Agent super app for the leading Thai Life insurance company, with Java Spring Boot microservices and a React Native modular frontend design, end -to-end automated regression testing with Appium, CI/CD using Jenkins. Accenture | Frontend Developer (August 2020 – January 2022) Built, enhanced, and maintained the frontend system for corporate banking applications that being used on both client's admin side and client’s corporate customer's sideLAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 73

“The way to get started is quit talking and begin doing” - Walt DisneyWith a passion in developing software, Peter is a versatile software engineer with a wide range of skills and experience in p roduct development and architecture. Always seeking new challenges, he makes it his mission to help others achieve their goals and d eliver successful projects. Peter WEISMANN Technical Lead| 11 Years Experience | English, German, Russian PALO IT Thailand | Technical Lead (May 2021 - Present) •AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Technical Lead Leading a squad developing one of the primary lines of business within a brand -new ground up implementation of a new super app f or the life insurance regional market leader. React Native mobile implementation, Java backend for frontend, CI/CD pipeline includi ng mac mini test automation. •AIA HK&TH – AIA+ TH | Senior Software Developer Full-stack development of a super app for the life insurance market leader for Thai customer market using Java, Spring Boot and React Native for Android and iOS. IntegrationWorks Asia | Technical Team Lead (June 2016 - April 2021) Lead a team to develop an in -house multi -tenant SaaS IoT platform to collect, store, visualize and analyze sensor data collected from industrial PLCs. iC Consult Gmbh | Consultant (January 2015 - May 2016) Development of an identity management solution based on RESTful web services written in JAVA EE using Jersey, EclipseLink as persistence framework and PostgreSQL as the database. ARITHNEA Gmbh | Software Developer (March 2012 - December 2012) Development of a Java software for the gathering of behavioral profiles of website visitors using the Spring Framework, Apach e Tomcat web server and the NoSQL database MongoDB Development of a Java software for the gathering of behavioural profiles of website visitors using the Spring Framework, Apache Tomcat web server and the NoSQL database MongoDBLAST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java (Spring: Boot, Data, Hibernate), Golang, Python •ReactJS, JavaScript •React Native •JUnit, Detox, Cucumber Selenium, •JDBC, PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB •Jenkins, Gitlab CI, GCP CI •OpenID Connect, TLS/SSL •Docker, Kubernetes •AWS, GCP •Apache Kafka •ELK Stack •Prometheus, Grafana •BSc. Computer Science, Munich University of Applied Sciences •TIA Portal Simatic Programming 1 SIEMENS SITRAIN •LDAP Training Eduvision •ICAgile Certified Professional (ICP)CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 74

“That which we are seeking is seeking us."Vatcharat is a software engineer who loves innovation and always eager to learn new things. He also has experience writing native code for iOS and Android application while he was developing a React Native applicationJack - Vatcharat RATTANANUN Full Stack Developer | 4 years experiences | English, Thai, Chinese EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •React Native •NextJS •ReactJS •Golang •Angular •NodeJS •NestJS •Java Spring Boot •SQL / NoSQL •Docker •Jenkins •Adobe Experience Manager •Flutter •Bachelor of Computer Engineering atSirindhorn International Institute ofTechnology (SIIT), Thammasat University (First Class Honors) •GitHub Actions •Contributed to the presentation and organized a workshop at KBTG Techtopia 2024 •ICAgile Certified ProfessionalCERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (June 2022 - Present) •AIA (Hong Kong) – AIA+ HK Developed components for a superapp , alongside a 30+ member team, integrating React Native and backend -for-frontend services using TypeScript and Java •FWD (Thailand) Developing an online payment gateway using NextJS to allow insurance payment with AEON credit cards and AEON member cards. Developed microservices with FastAPI for a new business use case and new payment gateways i.e., 2C2P, SCB, AEON to existing customers. •True Digital (Thailand) Developed a commerce backend service written in Golang to help True customers purchase electronic products or use coupons seamlessly on True ID application. •AIA HK&TH – AIA+ TH | Software Developer Full-stack development of a super app for the life insurance market leader for Thai customers using Java, Spring Boot and React Native for Android and iOS. Working as part of a cross -functional team of 15. Allianz Technology Thailand | Advanced Frontend Developer (June 2021 – June 2022) Developed frontend application for Insurance Portals using Angular written in Typescript. KBTG | Software Engineer (May 2019 - June 2021) Developed frontend applications with ReactJS and NextJS for electronic document portals and React Native for health application. Developed a backend application for the same project with Echo framework written in GolangLAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 75

“Would you rather Test -First, or Debug -Later?” - Robert Cecil MartinHon is a sales manager turned software engineer. He began his technology journey as a frontend developer and is now a full st ack engineer. He is motivated, dedicated and passionate about technology, innovation and design. Hon - Metha JENVITAYAROJ Full Stack Developer | 4 years experience | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •JavaScript, TypeScript •React, Next.js •React Native, Flutter •Ant Design, Material UI, Chakra UI •SCSS, Tailwind CSS •Node.js, Express, Strapi •DockerPALO IT Thailand | Software Developer (June 2022 – present) •AIA Hong Kong –AIA+ | Software Developer Full stack development of the premiere customer -facing super app for the SEA life insurance market leader with React Native mobi le app and Java BFF. •AIA Thailand – AIA One | Software Developer Development on an all -in-one Agent super app for the leading Thai Life insurance company, with Java Spring Boot microservices an d a React Native modular frontend design, end -to-end automated regression testing with Appium, CI/CD using Jenkins. •PALO Flutter Bootcamp Internal training program by some of our Flutter industry experts including presentation training, coaching and hands -on softwar e project implementation. Brikl (Thailand) | Mid -Level Frontend (February 2022 – May 2022) Developed embellishment feature in the studio team using Next.js, Redux, and Chakra UI. Morphosis Apps | Mid -Level Frontend (February 2021 - January 2022) Developed a website that can handle dynamic data coming from the CMS Created coworking space booking and event registration flows Doo Soft | Junior Frontend (March 2020 - January 2021) Designed and developed an IoT platform service using React.js, Ant Design, LoopBack and PostgreSQLLAST KEY EXPERIENCES •Thai Programmer Association Bootcamp •ICAgile Certified Professional CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 76

“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving”Artis a software developer with robust problem -solving skills and team player to driven the solution for client needs. He is th e one who willing to learn for any new technology stacks that could be suitable for any client's product. Art - Natthanon PUNTANEE Full Stack Developer | 6 years experience | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java (Spring Boot, Reactive) •Angular, React, Next.js •Flutter, React Native •MySQL, MongoDB •Apache Kafka •Kibana •Amazon AWS •JenkinsPALO IT Thailand | Software Developer (June 2022 – present) •AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Software Developer Full stack development of the premiere customer -facing superapp for the SEA life insurance market leader with React Native mobile app and Java Spring Boot microservices which presents a full recreation and significant expansion on the past (Thailand) project. . -Nikanti Golf Course – Bookings Revamp | Software Developer Key member of the development team which enhanced this premium golf course’s online booking site with new capabilities for bo oking agents, staff and customers. -AIA Thailand – AIA One | Software Developer Development on an all -in-one Agent super app for the leading Thai Life insurance company, with Java Spring Boot microservices an d a React Native modular frontend design, end -to-end automated regression testing with Appium, CI/CD using Jenkins. Accenture Solutions| Business and Integration Arch Senior Analyst (November 2020 - May 2022) Designs and creates software solutions for top 3 bank in Thailand. Implemented core and corporate banking system. Ascend Commerce| Junior Java Developer (July 2019 – October 2020) Developed and implemented for point and privilege platform for the customer and merchant. G-ABLE CO., LTD| WordPress Developer (August 2018 – June 2019) Implemented and optimized the website on WordPress platformLAST KEY EXPERIENCES •BSc. Computer Science, King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi •ICAgile Certified Professional CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 77

“What can be done when you're 11, can often never be done again” - Stephen KingTechnical Lead | 11 years experience | French, English, ArabicKhalil Kacim Passionate about software and IT, Khalil is a well -rounded software engineer with a wide range of skill and experience in produc t development and architecture, who still seeks to learn more everyday. Always excited by new challenges, his aim is to deliver successful products while helping other achieve their goals. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java (Spring: MVC, Boot, Security, JPA) •NodeJS •ReactJS, VueJS •React Native •Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL •Azure, AWS •DevOps, Jenkins, Docker, Rancher, GitLabCI • MSc. Computer Science, Telecom SudParis , France •Integration & Deployment of Information Systems (Master’s Thesis) •ICAgile Certified Professional CERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Technical Lead (May 2021 - Present) •AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Technical Lead Leading a squad developing one of the primary lines of business within a brand -new ground up implementation of a new super app f or the life insurance regional market leader. React Native mobile implementation, Java backend for frontend, CI/CD pipeline including ma c mini test automation. PALO IT Thailand| Senior Software Developer (June 2022 - Present) •AIA Thailand – AIA One |Senior Software Developer Full-stack development of a modular superapp to combine all theinsurance giant’s agent applications in a single mobile app. Used Java and ReactNative to provide both Android and iOS apps from a single codebase. Also led creation of a React micro frontend back -office which allo wed AIA to manage agent users, accesses and data. Societe Generale (Paris) | Freelance Senior Software Developer (September 2021 – April 2021) Digitalization of the manual SGEF entity processes. Java Spring, ReactJS , PostgreSQL, Azure, Terraform, Docker, GitLabCI MAIF (Niort) | Freelance Senior Software Developer (July 2020 – July2021) Implementation of digital insurance solutions. Java Spring, ReactJS , Redux ,Microservices , Rancher, Oracle, Docker, Jenkins Thales (Paris) | Freelance Senior Software Developer (November 2018 – March 2020) Dassault Systemes Paris | Sales Business Systems Developer (July 2016 – October 2018)LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 78

“Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk” – Iron Man Full Stack Developer | 3 Year Experience | English, Thai Night is a software developer with rounded new technologies skills such as IOT, Data Science and Image processing. Believing in teamwork and communication including sharing knowledge with team EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java •ReactJS, TypeScript •React Native •ReactJS •SQL •Cypress Detox Cucumber •BSc. Computer Science and Innovation, Mae Fah Luang University •ICAgile Certified Professional CERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (August 2022 - Present) •KBANK | Impact tracker Full stack development for sustainable IT working with product owner in Honk kong currently working on data intregation and data preprocessing with AWS cloud services •AIA HK | Software Developer Full stack web development for super app application that provide to all customer client's and work with developer team inHong kong and China also web team from China •Climate impact X SG | Software Developer Full stack web development for green website about carbon credit we have works with multiple colleague from Singapore and Australia including data team and testing team from India •AIA HK&TH – AIA+ TH | Software Developer Full-stack development of a super app for the life insurance market leader for Thai customers using Java, Spring Boot and React Native for Android and iOS. Working as part of a cross -functional team of 15. Tech Combine co., Ltd | Front -end Developer (January 2021 – May 2021) React -native developer focus exclusively on iOS to deliver new feature and maintenance. Mfessolutions | Software developer (May 2019 – March 2020) WordPress developer find solution with quick lunch customer website to help they gain trust in business. Front end web develope r for hospital queuingLAST KEY EXPERIENCESNight - Warakron KANTHAWONG

---

## Page 79

“Keep learning to make yourself more valuable”Full Stack Developer | 3 Years Experience | English, ThaiDan - Nattapat TAMTRAKOOL Nattapat have worked as software engineer for 3 years. Have experience on developing mobile application to meet client requirement using React Native and willing to learn new technologies for improving my skill and client product. PALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (June 2022 - Present) •AIA HK&TH – AIA+ TH | Software Developer Full-stack development of a super app for the life insurance market leader for Thai customers using Java, Spring Boot and React Native for Android and iOS. Working as part of a cross -functional team of 15. •Climate Impact Exchange (Singapore) | Developer Part of a team of 50 developing a Carbon Exchange Market place for Singapore using React to develop trading platform. •AIA Thailand – AIA One| Software Developer Full-stack development of a modular superapp to combine all theinsurance giant’s agent applications in a single mobile app. Used Java and ReactNative to provide both Android and iOS apps from a single codebase. Also led creation of a React micro frontend back -office which allowed AIA to manage agent users, accesses and data. Codediva | Junior Mobile Developer (March 2021 – June 2022) Implement and maintain asset management mobile application using React Native and NodeJS. Collaborate with Design team and QA team to improve the product. Ewit | Junior Mobile Developer (August 2020 - March 2021) Implement mobile application to support influencer marketing using React Native and CodeIgniter.EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •JavaScript •React, React Native •Node.js, Express •PHP CodeIgniter •My SQL, Firebase •GitHubLAST KEY EXPERIENCES •BEng. Software Engineering, Chiang Mai University •ICAgile Certified Professional CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 80

“Who’s gonna carry the boat?” David Goggins A self -learner by nature and curiosity -driven by heart, Paco has achieved and satisfied series of customers and team objectives with effective way of consultation. By always challenging himself, and the team, Sarin help breaking through problems and bringin g the best value possible to the customer. Customer who works with Sarin usually feel productive and enthusiastic energy which help team deliver quality software. Paco – Sarin Suriyakoon Technical Lead | 7 years experience | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •React Native (Typescript), Flutter •Java (Sprint Boot, Serverless) •Jenkins, Kubernetes, Bash Script •FlutterDriver ,Detox, Cypress •Facilitation •Certified Kubernetes Application Developer (CKAD) •AWS Certified Developer Associate (DVA -C02) •AWS Certified Solution Architect Associate(SAA -C03) •Leading point based interrow robot guidance in corn fields published in IEEE Xplore •ICAgile Fundamental •Management 3.0CERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (February 2022 - Present) •NodesNow | Technical Lead •AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK Migration | Technical Lead Setting up AIA+ HK team, technical environments and process, to migrate existing Thailand app to serve a new market and custo mer base. •AIA HK&TH – AIA+ TH | Senior Developer Acted as a senior full stack developer in a team of 15 developers, for AIA+ Thailand, to create and deliver the mobile super App regrouping 3 major applications with React Native and Java Spring Boot and Azure •Totally Awesome (Singapore) | Full Stack Developer Developed marketing tools for marketing agents to select the right content to match for specific target audiences •Nikanti Golf Club (Thailand)| Full Stack Developer Developed booking engine responsive web application using serverless Java API backend architecture to replace a legacy backen d software solution . •Krungsri Auto – Cars4Cash | Full Stack Developer Among a team of 15, consulted and participated in the development of this mobile super app which used customer centered methodol ogy to create a high -quality product through agile process for this car loan market leader.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 81

“Never stop Learning because Life never stop Teaching" - Emily VaraBomb - Siriphong RATTANANORASET Bomb is a software engineer with a deep passion for software and extensive experience in product development and architecture . Dedicated to continuous learning and self -improvement, he strives to consistently achieve exceptional results. Full Stack Developer | 11 years experience | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Java, GoLang , Python •NodeJS •ReactJS, Angular, Vue •ReactNative , Flutter •Docker, Kubernetes •AWS / GCP / Azure •Kafka •Jenkins •Detox, Cucumber, Gherkin •Data Engineering •BSc. Telecommunication Engineer, KMITL •ICAgile Certified Professional () P IC . •Kubernetes Certificattion (CKAD)CERTIFICATION & TALKSPALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (October 2021 – Present) •AIA Hongkong| Full Stack Developer Collaborated with a team of over 30 members to develop a sophisticated superapp for the leading life insurance provider in Southeast Asia. Leveraged React Native for mobile application development and Java for backend services, resulting in a comprehensive enhancement and s ignificant expansion of a previous project in Thailand. •FWD Thailand – One Modularity Project| Software Developer Full-stack development of micro -services for life insurance company to improve performance of legacy system with NestJS and Kafka. •AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ HK | Software Developer Full-stack development of a super app for the leading life insurance provider in Thailand, leveraging Java, Spring Boot, React N ative for Android and iOS, and Kubernetes for deployment. The app integrates claims, policy overview, and life improvement advice, working within a cros s-functional team of 16 professionals. Conicle Thailand| Tech Lead (2018 - 2021) Implemented a Learning Management System (LMS) application, leading the backend team in API development utilizing Python (Dja ngo). Oversaw the integration of a message broker, Celery for task queue management, and deployment using Docker and Kubernetes. Additionally, man aged the integration of analytical data into BigQuery using Airflow. Heart Work. Thailand | Full stack developer (2016 - 2018) Full-stack development of a website using Vue.js and a mobile application with React Native. Implemented APIs within a microserv ice architecture utilizing Node.js and Golang, integrating a message broker for efficient communication. Delivered services using Docker on cloud platfo rms including AWS, Azure, and others.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES

---

## Page 82

"Dare to Learn, Dare to Change, Dare to Do"Kung – Chalermrat Choeisai Senior Developer | 14 years experience | English, Thai EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •NodeJS, TypeScript, GoLang •ReactJS •Flutter •Postgres, MySql •Cassandra, MongoDB •Protobuf , Graphql •Redis •Ansible, Terraform •Jenkins, ArgoCD , TeamCity •Docker, Kubernetes •AWS / GCP •Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Engineering Khon Kaen University •A10 Certified Engineer for Application Delivery •ITIL® Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management (Candidate number: 5392270)CERTIFICATION & TALKSKEY EXPERIENCES PALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (October 2023 – Present) •AIA+ HK | Senior Developer Full-stack development of a super app for the life insurance market leader for Thai customers using Java, Spring Boot and React Native for Android and iOS. Working as part of one of several cross -functional teams with more than 30 developers. True Corporation Public Company Limited | Tech Lead (2021 - 2023) •Backend Development of develop Rest API, Microservice, NestJS , NATS (pub -sub), Unit Test, E2E Test, Swagger, TypeORM , Redis, MySQL, Elasticsearch and supporting auto scale. •A major DevOps role in creating development architecture(CICD, bitbucket pipeline, tekton , git-flow, git -ops, argocd , kubernetes on GKE. •Leading a software team in the design and creation of system architecture from business requirements for serving high perform ance features and supporting large user loads (load estimation 1.4M users / 10,000 concurrent transactions). Thaivivat Insurance Public Company Limited | Tech Lead (2020 - 2021) •Maintaining existing sales portal web applications (Nodejs with Hapi framework, Postgres, etc.). •Led the DevOps team creation of a development architecture(CICD, bitbucket pipeline, git -flow, git -ops, argocd , kubernetes ) and driving backend/DevOps staff using it as development convention •As Backend team lead designed and created a new tech stack for serving GraphQL and Restful api by using NestJS , GraphQL, TypeORM , PassportJS etc. •Developing with NestJS , GraphQL, TypeORM , PassportJS , Redis, Postgres to deliver high performance features. Eko | Senior Backend Developer / Acting DevOps Lead (2017 - 2020) •Developing React, Redux & Apollo Graphql clients to deliver content management systems (frontend). •Backend development using Node.js, GraphQL, GraphQL -Compose, MongoDB, Elasticsearch, Redis and Minio to deliver contents, user permission, push notification etc. features, as a content management system integrate with existing systems via oauth and serves contents on AWS.

---

## Page 83

Just do it! Don't let your dreams be dreams.Full Stack Developer | 3 Years Experience | English, ThaiOng - Pongwut TANGJINTANAKARN A passionate programmer with an interdisciplinary background in computer science, philosophy, psychology, and linguistics. Committed to learning all things new and being the best one can be. EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •JavaScript/TypeScript (NodeJS, ExpressJS ) •PHP (Laravel) •Flutter •React •React Native •Vue •Java •MySQL/MongoDB •IoT Central •Docker •Jenkins •BA. Cognitive Systems, University of British Columbia, CanadaCERTIFICATION & TALKSLAST EST KEY EXPERIENCES PALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (September 2023 – Present) PALO internal onboarding and education process including month -long technical practice training, DevOps pipeline/automation trai ning, and intensive Flutter bootcamp. -AIA Hong Kong – AIA+ Mobile Application| Full Stack Developer Developed and designed frontend and backend services using Java Spring Boot, React native (both Android and iOS), using Kubernet esfor deployment. The app combines multiple features into one super -app to help serve the Hong Kong, Macau, and Mainland China market with insurance r elated services. Morestudio | Backend Developer (December 2021 - August 2023) -Designed services and APIs with NodeJS, PHP Laravel, and MySQL. -Researched and implemented software to communicate with Electric Vehicle chargers under the OCPP standard -Implemented services that communicates with message queues using Azure IoT Central -Maintained IoT devices

---

## Page 84

”Embracing change, exploring possibilities. ”Full stack developer | 3 years experience | English, ThaiFame – Purinat Sanbundit As a dedicated software developer, I am driven by a passion for identifying solutions, driving improvements, and enhancing availability within the Information Technology domain. My overarching objective is to gain exposure to a wide array of techno logy fields and craft innovative solutions for diverse challenges. PALO IT Thailand | Full Stack Developer (September 2023 – Present) -Di-Sales from Bank of Ayudhya | Software Developer Revamping the Di -Sales application from a Xamarin legacy system to a Flutter -based platform for iOS and Android. The application supports sales, staff, and management functions within the loan origination process. My role provides development, maintenance of CI/CD pipelines us ing Jenkins, and implementation of end -to-end testing to enhance application quality with BDD approach. Dek -D Interactive Co.,ltd .| Front -end developer (March 2021 – August 2023) Developing and maintaining responsive websites of Writer Dek-D implemented by Nuxt.js, PHP, Svelte, and React. Collaborating and planning on various Writer Dek-D features in the agile development team. Also developing and maintaining WebView integrated into App Writer Novel.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Flutter •Javascript , Typescript •HTML/CSS, SCSS, POSTCSS •SEO, Google analytics •React.js, Vue.js, Svelte •Next.js, Nuxt.js •Node.js (Express.js, Nest.js), PHP (Laravel), Go (Gin) •Git, Docker •MongoDB, PostgreSQL •Jenkins •Bachelor Degree of Science in Information and Communication Technology (Majoring Software Engineering) at Mahidol University. •ICAgile FundamentalCERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 85

”Life is a wave, be ready for every moment!”Senior Full Stack Developer | 8 years experience | English, ThaiAun – Suwijak Chaipipat Aun interest and specialty are in many fields from software development to music industry. He's passionate in anything that c an create impact to the society and improve quality of life. PALO IT Thailand | Senior Full Stack Developer (November 2023 – Present) •Bench – Internal Project |Rookie Focusing on onboarding tasks and aiming for projects •AIA HK&TH – AIA+ TH | Senior Developer Full-stack development of a super app for the life insurance market leader for Thai customers using Java, Spring Boot and React Native forAndroid and iOS. Working as part of one of several cross -functional teams with more than 30 developers. Taishi Tech & Associates | Engineering & Operational Manager (January 2023 – October 2023) Build, manage and lead development team to develop private investment platform. Mohara | Management Engineer (May 2022 – December 2022) Lead team of 5 -8 members to develop client projects together with contribution in process, practices and quality assurance impro vements. Deeple.ai | Senior Software Engineer (Auguest 2021 – February 2022) Develop chat bot platform together with contribution in process, practices and quality assurance improvements. AppMan | Core Product Team Lead & Backend Line Manager (February 2018 – January 2021) - As a Core Product Team Lead: Lead 5 squads to develop solution for insurance clients. - As a Backend Line Manager: Build, manage and lead team of 20 backend engineers.LAST KEY EXPERIENCES EXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •Software Development & Project Management Fundamental •JavaScript, TypeScript •React.js , React Native, Gatsby.js , Next.js •Express.js , Nest.js , GraphQL •Ruby, Ruby on Rails •Dart, Flutter, Swift (iOS), Java (Android) •Java (Spring Boot) •C#, .NET Core, ASP .NET •Jest, Cypress, Playwright •MySQL, PostgreSQL, MSSQL •MongoDB, Elasticsearch, Redis •CSS, SASS, Tailwind, Headless UI •Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform •AWS, GCP, Azure, Firebase, Digital Ocean •Bachelor Degree of Software and Knowledge Engineering, Kasetsart University (2016) •AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Professional (SAP -C02)CERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

## Page 86

”May the force be with you”Senior Full Stack Developer | 10 years experience | English, ThaiPrat – Pratchaya Suputsopon I'm a software developer who's passionate about learning and fascinated by science. My goal is to use my skills to create sof tware that contributes to scientific progress and makes a positive impact on people's lives. PALO IT Thailand | Senior Full Stack Developer (Feb 2024 – Present) Focusing on onboarding tasks and aiming for projects Osotspa Public Company Limited | Data Engineer (Jan 2022 – Jan 2024) Build CDP, data pipeline using GCP ( BigQuery , VertexAi , etc.) and responsible for million row of data. Data warehouse and Data Lake design Eatlab | Tech Lead (May 2021 – Jan 2022) Designing system, Infrastructure consultant, coaching, running SCURM process, Given an advisory to the Developer and Data Scient ist team Morphosis Apps Co., Ltd | Tech Lead (July 2020 – May 2021) Lead team of 15 -20 members, Cooperate with 7 projects and 4 countries. Estimate timeline, developer advisory, Give a consult for Sale and Marketing team, running SCURM process, Meeting with client to give an advisory for their project. Ooca - Telemedica Co., Ltd | Senior Software Engineer (2019 – 2020) Refactoring monolith system to microservice about ~380 endpoint in single system, design new system, coaching team, integrate video calling technology. Data Wow Co., Ltd | Senior Software Engineer (2017 – 2019) Creating and maintaining web system for Medial moderator, create platform to support AI team, coaching , designer cooperate and consult. Advanced Info Services Plc. (AIS) | Software Engineer (2014 -2016) Develop backend and frontend, designer cooperate and consult.LAST KEY EXPERIENCESEXPERTISE & TECHNOLOGY •JavaScript, TypeScript •React.js, Next.js •NodeJS, Express.js, Nest.js •Ruby, Ruby on Rails •Python, FastAPI •Kubeflow, Airflow •MySQL, PostgreSQL, •MongoDB, Elasticsearch, Redis •CSS, SCSS, BEM, Tailwind, •Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform •AWS, GCP, MQTT, KubeMQ •Data Engineer, SDC, CDC •BBA, Major of Business Computer, Naresuan University •Patent of Rice detection and analysis using photography •Explore Risky In Web Security & Prevention talk •User story mapping (workshop) 101 talk •Alumni Awards 2018 prize talk •Android with IoT: iBeacon talk •13th International Conf, IT Application talk •In Housing training for IT team •AIS Startup kids talkCERTIFICATION & TALKS

---

